
                             ==Phrack Inc.==

               Volume 0x0b, Issue 0x39, Phile #0x11 of 0x12

Each phrack release has a special section called 'Phrack World News (PWN)'.
The section is a combination of sum-up's, happenings and rumours.

PWN are the news about and from the scene.
You can send PWN directly to disorder@phrack.org or you can announce
your own PWN at http://www.phrack.org/disorder.


|=------------------=[ ScRiPt KiDdY MaNuAl To HaL2001 ]=-----------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=---------------------------=[ HAL Staff ]=-----------------------------=|

Cops, Crimes, and HAL 2001 (http://www.hal2001.org)

or ScRiPt KiDdY MaNuAl To HaL2001

When you arrive at HAL2001 and look around you, you may feel this is an
ideal place to do script-kiddie things. I mean: with 1 GB of bandwidth
coming almost all the way to your tent, a simple ping-flood is a mighty
weapon. And with all these people around, there's bound to be someone within
10 meters that knows how to get root on that webhosting farm you found this
morning.

You may have also noticed all these other people around you. Most of them
seem to be in some kind of different world. Most noticably, they're not
constantly bragging about how many machines they have installed Stacheldraht
on. When they talk about computer security you often don't understand, and
they keep talking about vague political things a lot of the time. That's us.
We are the rest of the hacker community. Weve been here for a while now, so
you would probably just refer to most of us as "these old people".
That's OK.

We feel there are important things going on in the world today. Things worth
fighting against. Governments and large corporations are basically taking
over and are in the process of building mechanisms of control. That may
sound difficult or weird, but think of new laws that allow instantaneous
monitoring of anyone. Think of computer databases that know where everyone
is in realtime. Think of cameras everywhere. Think of making you pay every
time, for everything you watch or listen to. Think of your MP3 collection.
Think of prison.

- Making us all look bad

Hey, let's not kid eachother: we weren't all that good when we were kids.
But right now, powerful people all over the world would like to paint a
picture of HAL2001 as a gathering of dangerous individuals out to destroy.
While it may seem cool to have powerful people think of you as dangerous,
you're only serving their purpose if you deface websites from here, or
perform the mother of all DDoS attacks. You're helping the hardliners that
say we are no good. They don't care about the websites you deface. They
don't care about the DDoS attacks. Heck, their leadership doesn't even know
how to hold a mouse. They care about making us all look like a threat, so
they can get the public support needed to lock us all up.

- Landing you in trouble

But if you don't care about any of the above, here's another reason not to
do bad things at HAL: there is almost no place on earth where the odds of
getting arrested are stacked against you as bad as at HAL2001. Members of
the dutch law enforcement community (yes: cops) are attending in large
numbers. And public perception is that they haven't arrested enough people
for computer crimes recently. So they are under a lot of pressure to arrest
someone. Anyone....

Because few people have been convicted here, there is a notion that the cops
in The Netherlands do not take this seriously. But defacing a site or doing
Denial of Service are serious crimes here, and you may not be going home for
quite a while if you're arrested here. Being arrested at HAL makes your case
a "big deal", no matter how little may have actually happened. This means
they are less likely to let you off with a slap on the wrist.

And if HAL is anything like its predecessors, intelligence people
frominternal security agencies of most industrialised nations are
walkingaround, and will see if anyone from their country is sticking their
head out doing naughty things. HAL is an excellent place to become visible,
in many different and often interesting ways.

- Getting us all disconnected

Just like at HIP97, the authorities have pre-signed orders ready and waiting
to cut our link to the world if the HAL network becomes a source of too many
problems. Yes, you read it right: cut the link. 100% packet loss.

HAL2001 has some of the worlds best system administrators monitoring our
link to see if everything runs smooth. Some of these people already had a
deep understanding of computer security issues before you were even born.
And *ofcourse* they are monitoring to see if anyone is causing problems,
either to our own network operations, or to the outside world.

So do us all and yourself a favour, and please don't be stupid. And if you
still insist on causing trouble, think of this: if you do manage to get us
all diconnected, maybe you should hope the cops get to you first.

- Growing up

If you have it in you, now would be an excellent time to grow up. Live a
life in the hacker community that goes beyond defacing websites and
performing dDoS attacks. The post script-kiddie existence offers many
rewards: you might have feeling you've done something useful more often,
people won't look at you funny, and you might even get to meet girls.

Perhaps even more importantly: we as a community _need_ you to grow up. As
we said: Governments and large corporations are taking control of our world
at alarming speed. Hackers are more likely to understand what's going on,
and to do something about it. Which is one reason why they are being
demonized by parties seeking to monitor the whole population's every move.
Many privacy enhancing technologies still need to be built, and a whole new
generation needs to be made aware that their freedoms are being dismantled.
Your help would be greatly appreciated.

|=[ Fun ]=---------------------------------------------------------------=|

http://www.microsoft.com/office/clippy/images/rollover_4.gif

N0 L0GZ == N0 CRIME !

|=[ EOF ]=---------------------------------------------------------------=|

