<-------------------------//LineZer0 Network 99\\------------------------->
=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=

                        Introduction to DynamicHTML 

  <----------/\---------------------------------------------/\---------->

    Dynamic HTML builds upon existing HTML standards to expand the 
possibilities of Web page design, presentation, and interaction. Ultimately,
mastering DHTML will allow you to build Web-based applications.

    Because DHTML is essentially an "added value" technology, you should be
rather familiar with basic Web page design using traditional HTML 
specifications. Experience with JavaScript programming is also necessary to
employ the potential of DHTML. Consequently, portions of this introduction
to DHTML will assume some HTML and JavaScript familiarity. 

What and Why

The Web is an ever evolving environment, and Web pages themselves are 
steadily blooming from static displays of data to interactive applications. 
"Dynamic HTML" is somewhat of an umbrella term encompassing several ways in
which Web developers can breathe life into pages which have traditionally 
been still portraits of information.

The basic notion behind Dynamic HTML is quite simple: allow any element of
a page to be changeable at any time. Sounds like a dream, but as with any 
simple plan, "God is in the details," as they say. In the older days, you 
could only change content on a page via CGI. This required a server to 
perform the changes to the page and re-serve the entire page, modifications
and all, back to the client. While workable, this process was quite slow,
as it placed a burden on both network traffic and server processing time.
With long delays between a user's action and an on-screen response, building
effective Web-based applications was quite constricting.

With DHTML, the magic occurs entirely on the client-side. This means that
page modifications should appear immediately following a trigger, such as a
user selection. And, remember, the DHTML dream is that you can modify any 
aspect of the currently loaded page -- text styles, swapped images, context-
sensitive forms and tables, and even the on-screen data itself.

It's worth noting here, then, that "Dynamic HTML," isn't really about HTML,
the markup language. By and large, DHTML describes the abstract concept of 
breaking up a page into manipulable elements, and exposing those elements 
to a scripting language which can perform the manipulations. The degree, or 
fineness, to which these elements are defined and actionable is a function 
of DHTML. And since it has only been around for a year or so, DHTML is not 
fully developed. Like the Web itself, Dynamic HTML is ever evolving. At some
point, DHTML may self actualize and reach ist full potential of "change any
thing anywhere anytime." It may even change its name -- product developers 
possess a whimsy for this sort of thing -- but the concepts defined above 
for modifying elements on a page will necessarily continue to develope. 

							Fl@sh.Kid
=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=
<-------------------------\\LineZer0 Network 99//------------------------->