{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}{\f1\froman\fcharset2{\*\fname Symbol;}MT Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset238{\*\fname Arial;}Arial CE;}{\f3\froman\fcharset238{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman CE;}}
{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue255;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;}
\deflang2074\pard\plain\f2\fs36\cf1\b Kuang2 pSender\plain\f2\fs24  \plain\f2\fs24\b v0.21
\par \plain\f2\fs36\cf2\b Kuang2 pSender FULL\plain\f2\fs24\cf2\b   \plain\f2\fs24\b v0.34
\par \plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs40\b Dedicated to the \plain\f2\fs40\cf1\b peace \plain\f2\fs40\b in \plain\f2\fs40\cf7\b\ul Yugoslavia\plain\f2\fs40\cf0\b !
\par \plain\f2\fs28\cf0\b By using this program you support Anti-NATO campaign.
\par Stop killing! Stop lies! Stop bombs! Stop war! Stop deaths!\plain\f2\fs40\cf7\b 
\par \plain\f2\fs24 
\par First of all, forgive me for my poor English.
\par \plain\f2\fs24\b Note\plain\f2\fs24 : this progie was made just for education purposes. You use it on your own risk! I am not responsible for any damage.
\par 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs32\b\ul What is this?
\par \plain\f2\fs24 
\par \tab This is part of my \plain\f2\fs24\cf3\b Kuang2\plain\f2\fs24\cf3  \plain\f2\fs24 project. 
\par \tab \plain\f2\fs24\cf1\b Kuang2 pSender\plain\f2\fs24  is a small trojan horse, that will send on your e-mail somebodies internet passwords. There is no way to hide passwords from it: even if victim change its passwords, or do not save the password in 'Connect to' dialog, even if victim use alternate way of connection - \plain\f2\fs24\cf1\b Kuang2 pSender \plain\f2\fs24 will always update new passwords to your e-mail. Also, this program could be used like universal plug-in for any trojan horse.
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1\b \tab \plain\f2\fs24\cf2\b Kuang2 pSender FULL\plain\f2\fs24\cf2  \plain\f2\fs24 is much powerfull. It send also any typed password wherever and whenever it was typed (not only for internet provider). So you can get hotmail passwords, web sites passwords, some personal passwords for personal programs, etc. Everywhere a victim types a password it will be send. New version \plain\f2\fs24\cf2\b v0.34\plain\f2\fs24  has also special care for the Internet passwords.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs32\b\ul How to use it?
\par \plain\f2\fs24 
\par \tab First you *must* to setup \plain\f2\fs24\cf1\b Kuang2 pSender \plain\f2\fs24\cf0 or\plain\f2\fs24  \plain\f2\fs24\cf2\b Kuang2 pSender FULL\plain\f2\fs24  .exe file. You need to enter SMTP server address, destination e-mail address on that server,  and, optionally, source address (only in cases when SMTP server need existing domen for the source address). After that, you can change the name of .exe file and you are ready. You can infect somebody in 3 different ways:
\par 1) send .exe to him and ask him to start it, or go to your friend and run&delete \plain\f2\fs24\cf1\b Kuang2 pSender\plain\f2\fs24 .
\par 2) use any kind of loader, so you can send him a joke program that first run \plain\f2\fs24\cf1\b Kuang2 pSender\plain\f2\fs24 . You also can use my \plain\f2\fs24\cf4\b Kuang2 tLoader\plain\f2\fs24\cf4  \plain\f2\fs24 programs for this, if you dont want to make your own loaders.
\par 3) if a victim is infect with some trojan horse, you can upload .exe to victim computer, run it and delete it.
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs24\b\ul Important note:\plain\f2\fs24  in case you already don't know, in this case SMTP server *should* be a server in domen of destination e-mail address! For example, if destination address is: \plain\f2\fs24\i somebody@hotmail.com\plain\f2\fs24 , than you must use Hotmails SMTP server address, which is \plain\f2\fs24\i mail.hotmail.com\plain\f2\fs24 . If you dont know what is the address of some SMTP server than you can mail a test e-mail from that server and than look into the header of the recived test e-mail. Also you can use program \plain\f2\fs24\cf5\b Mailer\plain\f2\fs24  to test server and addresses. \plain\f2\fs24\cf5\b Mailer\plain\f2\fs24  can be found on my web site.
\par Of course, if you know what internet provider victim use, you can use SMTP server of that provider. In this case there is no restrictions for destination address! However, I consider this way not so good, cause victim can chage its provider or maybe victim use more the one provider.\plain\f2\fs24\b 
\par \plain\f2\fs24 
\par \plain\f2\fs32\b\ul 
\par 
\par Properties
\par \plain\f2\fs24 
\par \tab This is important to read to understand what is going on.
\par \tab When \plain\f2\fs24\cf1\b Kuang2 pSender \plain\f2\fs24 or \plain\f2\fs24\cf2\b Kuang2 pSender FULL\plain\f2\fs24  runs, it copies itself in the windows system folder and put itself in the registry (RUN key). After that it exit, so victim can delete the exe - but too late. Every next time when infected computer is rebooted, \plain\f2\fs24\cf1\b Kuang2 pSender\plain\f2\fs24  or \plain\f2\fs24\cf2\b Kuang2 pSender FULL\plain\f2\fs24  will start. This programs are invisible in the Task List (ctrl+alt+del). 
\par \tab \plain\f2\fs24\cf1\b Kuang2 pSender \plain\f2\fs24  will wait until victim connect to internet. If victim use standard 'Connect to...' dialog, \plain\f2\fs24\cf1\b Kuang2 pSender\plain\f2\fs24  will monitor what is the login name and password and telephone number - even if victim types them (because he didnt save it)! After connection, \plain\f2\fs24\cf1\b Kuang2 pSender \plain\f2\fs24 wait around 1 minute and then  try to send all of the data (login name & pass & telephone) to you. If data are send OK, \plain\f2\fs24\cf1\b Kuang2 pSender\plain\f2\fs24  will write (crypted) data to a hidden file, also in the windows system folder with the same name but different extension: 'cfg'. Next time when victim use the same login name/password \plain\f2\fs24\cf1\b Kuang2 pSender \plain\f2\fs24 will *not* send data to you, cause you already have it. Here is a small catch: if victim change it password to old one, \plain\f2\fs24\cf1\b Kuang2 pSender\plain\f2\fs24  will also do not send data, cause you also have that password.
\par \tab Every time a victim connect to internet, \plain\f2\fs24\cf1\b Kuang2 pSender \plain\f2\fs24 will also check all login names and password (no telephone numbers) and it will send them together with previous data. This information are also crypted and saved, so there will be no double sending. NOTE: If \plain\f2\fs24\cf1\b Kuang2 pSender \plain\f2\fs24 find a new telephone for login name and password that are already saved, it will send again all necessary data, including the telephone number! 
\par \tab If a victim use alternate connection type (not standard 'Connect to...' dialog) \plain\f2\fs24\cf1\b Kuang2 pSender \plain\f2\fs24 will not send telephone numbers.
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1\b \tab Kuang2 pSender\plain\f2\fs24  will also send a IP address and Computer name of a victim - this is good if you infected more than one computer to keep an order.
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf2\b \tab Kuang2 pSender FULL\plain\f2\fs24\cf2  \plain\f2\fs24 is much more powerfull. It monitors all passwords fields when victim types something in it. When victim stop writing password \plain\f2\fs24\cf2\b Kuang2 pSender FULL\plain\f2\fs24\cf2  \plain\f2\fs24 will log it, but it will log data from all one-line edit controls (so it can grab some user name and/or url, for example), and it will log a main window name, too. New version \plain\f2\fs24\cf2\b v0.34 \plain\f2\fs24 also check all edit fields in all windows for some URL string. This has to be done cause there are a lot of websites that popup a small window for password and username, while a URL is in other window. If this data are new, next time when victim connect to the internet \plain\f2\fs24\cf2\b Kuang2 pSender FULL\plain\f2\fs24\cf2  \plain\f2\fs24 will send new data. In the e-mail you get all sections are separated, and every sections has this structure: first you will find data from edit controls, then password between '<' and '>', and in the last line is the window name, also between '[' and ']'. In new version \plain\f2\fs24\cf2\b v0.34\plain\f2\fs24  after that goes '==='. After are listed founded URLs and its window names. On very end there is a victim computer name, with '# ' on its start.
\par \tab You can notice that you get also wrong entered passwords, and that data from edit controls may not be always true (for example: victim writes a wrong user name, that it write a password, and after that it notice that user name is wrong and it retype it again). It is clear that \plain\f2\fs24\cf2\b Kuang2 pSender FULL\plain\f2\fs24\cf2  \plain\f2\fs24 can not know when a password is ok.
\par \tab One more note: \plain\f2\fs24\cf2\b Kuang2 pSender FULL\plain\f2\fs24\cf2  \plain\f2\fs24 gives only typed, pasted etc. passwords. Well, that is not a minus, cause very lot of passwords need to be typed. Internet passwords are exception, cause you get them no matter you type them or not.
\par \tab \plain\f2\fs24\cf2\b Kuang2 pSender FULL\plain\f2\fs24\cf2  \plain\f2\fs24 run in the background, and it was optimised so it takes very, very small fraction of CPU time.
\par 
\par Note: all data (email address, registry names etc) are crypted, so normal user can not see anything.
\par \plain\f2\fs24\b\ul Important note\plain\f2\fs24 : the name of \plain\f2\fs24\cf1\b Kuang2 pSender \plain\f2\fs24\cf0 and\plain\f2\fs24\cf2\b  Kuang2 pSender\plain\f2\fs24\cf2  \plain\f2\fs24\cf2\b FULL\plain\f2\fs24  \plain\f2\fs24\cf1\b  \plain\f2\fs24 exe file is very important, because all infection depends of this name. If you change the name of .exe file you can infect somebody again (in cases when a victim is already infected with this trojan),
\par Note that .exe name must be less then 30 characters.
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs32\b\ul 
\par 
\par How to remove it?
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs24 \tab For \plain\f2\fs24\cf1\b Kuang2 pSender \plain\f2\fs24 delete .exe & .cfg from windows system folder and remove it from registry (RUN key).
\par \tab For \plain\f2\fs24\cf2\b Kuang2 pSender FULL\plain\f2\fs24\cf2  \plain\f2\fs24 you need to delete and .dll and .dl_ file, too.\plain\f2\fs32\b\ul 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs28\b 
\par THANX: 
\par \plain\f2\fs28\cf6\b CACAN - thanx, man!
\par Dan (zonghui zheng)
\par Dan (Bluebar)
\par \plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs32\cf3\b          Weird
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf3\b        [Thu\plain\f2\fs24\cf1\b\i N\plain\f2\fs24\cf3\b derSoft]
\par \plain\f2\fs28 <weird173@yahoo.com>
\par http://members.tripod.com/~weird173
\par http://move.to/weird
\par }
 