::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::Mar/99
::: The Discordant Opposition Journal ::: Issue 3 - File 8 :::
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

 :dr klep speaks:
  Kleptic
  kleptic@grex.org

======================================

TABLE OF CONTENTS:

1. INTRO
2. VIEWS ON THE GOV'T
3. TRASH TALK SHOWS
4. Y2K BUG
5. SUB-CULTURES
6. MUSIC
7. CREDITS
8. FOR MORE INFO


=======================
INTRO
=======================

Hey all, Im Kleptic also known as Dr. Klep. My Column in the previous
issues of DoJ has been really popular, and Im suprised of how popular it
gotten for just a couple of paragraphs of "What Im Thinking About". But no
one sends me questions, just comments.. so in turn, "ADK" (ask dr. klep)
is finished, Now I renamed this - "Dr. Klep Speaks".. I talk about Issues
that are going on in the world, and how I feel about these certain issues.
Its not much of a change from what "ADK" was, actually its about the same
thing, so theres no need to worry.

======================
Views On The Gov't
======================

Many people have commented on how I feel about government. Most of you
have garbled up what I said. I Dont like the US Gov't, I really dislike
it. It's other governments around the world that I would rather have. I
like it that we can vote on almost anything. But the prez is the one
veto'ing the bills not us. Just a little something to think about.

======================
Trash Talk Shows
======================

Trash talkshows, very 'fun' right!? I got some emails asking me if I
thought they were fake. Well, Ive done my research and On Jerry Springer,
the only "FAKE" guests on that show were actual actors who wanted to make
a "skit" that actually portraid them as "White Trash". And after there
secret got out the Jerry Springer show sued them for a hell of a lot of
money.

======================
Y2K Bug
======================

Y2K.... some people asked me what im doing to save my comp from the
infamous "Y2K Bug".. im not really doing anything.. I have a win98 machine
which is Y2K compatable.. so Im a-ok.. although I havent really been
paying attention to what Microsoft or any other computer company is doing
about this bug. But im sure it will get taken care of.  And I dont think
that the whole world is going to end if it doesnt. The Lights will
probably go out for a couple of days, until everything gets fixed. And for
all you INTERNET Junkies, You will probably still be able to go on the
net, the only thing that will be different is the date on you comp. and
you will probably lose a little bit of info every time you turn on your
computer, but you probably wont notice it!

======================
Sub-Cultures
======================

Subcultures... There are a lot of 'sub-cultures'. Every country has its
sub-cultures.  UK has its 'punks', Ya know.. the kids that dress like
skateboarders, have a few peircings, big pants, maybe a different hair
color, with messed up hair. USA has its 'hardcore-kids or straight-edge
kids' they where big ass pants, peircings up the ying-yang.. tattoos
everywhere.. they listen to hardcore/punk music.. and straightedge kids
where big/bold/black X's on thier hands. sXe (straightedge) kids dont
drink, smoke, or have promiscious sex. Some are vegan/vegitarian.. or dont
eat meat. There has always been sub-cultures - flappers in the 20's,
beatniks in the 40/50's, in the 60/70's there was hippies in the the late
60's 70/80/90's there were punks. the 90's there was Goth, hardcore,
straightedge, rude boi/grrls.. etc..
There will always be subcultures.. subcultures want to be different they
try to express them selves in different ways, and there usually really
nice people.. theres a few sub-sub-cultures that I know about.. like about
the STRAIGHTEDGE subculture.. theres another subculture that branches off
of that called - "HARDLINE or H8-Edge" Those guys are generally assholes,
and either beat you up or try to kill you for drinking or smoking.. there
more like a DRUG-FREE military. Dont ever get STRAIGHT EDGE or HARDLINE
mixed up.. there totally different things.. Straight Edge kids are
generally nice people.. HARDLINERS are hardcore fuck-ups..

======================
Music
======================

Music!? Its weird, how many email's I get about what Music modivates me.
Well, I listen to alot of hardcore & punk.. Like these bands for example:

Trephine, AsHeroesDie, Hardtime, Day Of Mourning, Dead To The World, Sour
Nation, Angermeans, Snapcase, Apathemy, Buried Alive, Warzone, OS101,
Madball, H20, Sick Of It All, All Out War, Earth Crisis, Harvest, One King
Down, Subsist, Earthmover, Againts All Athourity, Suicide Machines, Minor
Threat, Gorilla Bisquits, Fugazi, NoFX, MxPx, Hatebreed, Blood For Blood,
Deadguy, Shelter, Shutdown, (older) Metallica, (older) Sepultra, Slayer,
One Innocent Victom, Damnation-AD, Refused, Strife, Korn, Limp Bizkit,
Beastie Boys, Eminem (detroit rap).. and a bunch of other bands..

Those are the bands that you would probably find in my CD player right
now... Thats the stuff that modivates me.

======================
Credits
======================

Well, I hope you enjoyed my little Text full of what im thinking.. Now I
would like to give some people some credit..

All the guys at DoJ - Rue-the-Day, cronus, DigitalAvatar.. all the guys in
the computer underground - Ledge, Biosone, Bedlam, darkworm, firetrack,
The_Guru, Dredd, The_Ravager.. and anyone else i missed.. 

all the bands that the 2 bands that im in has played with - Hardtime,
Trephine, Buried Alive, Hardtime, Dead To The World, Walls Of Jericho,
Pagans Day Off, Go Banana..

And some various people - Derek, Matt, Tyler (Sour Nation), Jono, Rick,
Becky, Steve (go banana), Nic, Nate, Justin, Josh (AsHeroesDie), Christy
(my girl), Lisa, Nuts, Spank, Mike M., Mike H., Josh D., Stacie, Trish,
Kim, Kara.. and anyone else i missed..

=======================
For More INFO
=======================   

For any info on the topics discussed go here: 

http://www.anarchy.org
http://www.hackers.com
http://www.hackerzlair.org
http://www.straightedge.com
http://members.xoom.com/wwhrdc/
http://www.victoryrecords.com
http://www.plusminusrecords.com


=======================
Keep It Real!

Kleptic    
kleptic@grex.org
http://wwz.net/kleptic/
=======================
