::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::May/99
::: The Discordant Opposition Journal ::: Issue 5 - File 2 :::
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

:Quenching the Source:
 cronus

Any hacker who has ever hacked anything more immpressive then his Linux
partition will tell you that the most important part of hacking is 
hiding your own location. It is so essential to hide your location that
it becomes instinctive for hackers. I shall discuss some techniques, 
both new and old, of hiding you real location.

ISP

The most important part of your hacking sequence is going to be your 
net account. If you are traced back to your ISP, then their logs will 
be able to tell the victim who you are, where you live and what you eat
for breakfast. You can avoid being traced back to your own account by 
hacking someone else's net account and using that. Some Internet 
Providers allow you to set up a Guest account so you can test their 
services. If you can’t hack another account on an ISP, then you should 
try to get your hands on a Guest account to hack from. It is necessary 
that you don’t hack from your own account so that you aren’t traced to 
your name and address. Getting a Guest account should be easy enough. 
Contact an ISP and ask about their services. Then ask if you can have 
a Guest account to see if it compares to the others. You will need to 
give false information to the ISP so that you are safe. 

Bounce

After all this, you are still possibly being traced to your city and 
general location. So next you want to hide your geographical location, 
as well as your net location. There are several ways to hide your 
physical location. First is a practice that has essentially vanished 
from the mainstream. Wingate is a software package that allows many 
computers to connect to the internet through a single internet 
connection. A hole in the Wingate system was found that allowed people
to bounce thier connection from the Wingate machine. Wingating can be 
used to 'bounce' your data packets off another system, to hide your IP 
address. 

Back Orifice is a trojan hacking program that allows people to take 
control on certain functions on infected computers. The 'redirect' 
option allows for IP redirects to be set up. A redirect is set up on 
an infected computer. Any packets that are sent to the redirect port 
on the infected machine will be bounced to the new destination without 
being logged. This is a very anonymous way of bouncing a connection. 
And several infected computers can be strung together to add greater 
protection. Also the 'system password' option in Back Orifice allows 
people to view any cached passwords on the infected system. This can 
often render ISP passwords, letting you attack from a false account.

Also many companies over the net offer free shell accounts and these 
are perfect ways to hide your IP address. You connect to the shell 
account and do your hacking from there and so hide where you are coming
from. Again you will need to give false information for that to so that
you are totally safe.

Phone

You may want to take the added precaution of hacking from a different
phone line. By this I mean with a laptop at a pay phone or even in an
Internet cafe. Preferably one that allows you some privacy. You can 
connect a laptop to the side of pay phone or even the side of a house. 
This is called beige boxing and is used widely by phreaks. 

Next is out-dials. These are diminishing fast, because of their use by 
hackers, but some universities still run them for their students. An 
out-dial is a computer that is set up to let you dial out over its 
modem to another computer. These can be used to call another system 
and from their you can hack away. This means that the trace can only go
as far as the out-dial and then it would slow down any trace allot as 
anyone tries to move the trace to the university line. If the 
University is logging the connection then they will have your IP 
address. But if you are spoofing your IP address or if you are using 
another net account that isn’t yours then this isn’t a problem.

Spoofing

IP spoofing is an extremely complex and difficult technique used by 
hackers to hide their IP address. I can and will only skim the surface 
of spoofing, giving you enough information so that you can go and 
search for more information on your own. 

If you have root access on an UNIX machine, then you can program a 
program to hide your IP address in data packets. By creating custom 
made packets you can choose what information to include, so you can 
obscure your connection address. IP spoofing takes a huge ammount of 
skill as you must adhere to known Internet standards. My site at 
http://homepages.iol.ie/~cronus has some excellent files on IP spoofing.

Systems

As a hackers repertoir of hacked computers grows, it can be very useful
to route your connection through them. The more connections you have
and the more often you rearrange the stops, the less likely you are of
being traced to your originating connection. The more connections you 
can make between you and the victim, the better you have hidden your 
location, your identity and your freedom. 



All this may seem like basic ideas that you would have used anyway. But
you'd be surprised at how many elite hackers have been arrested because
they got too big headed and neglected to use any protection. Also 
remember that you should change the route you take each time. This is 
so that over a few different hacking sessions you aren't slowly traced
section by section. If you change the route often then you will make 
each trace a brand new one.

   ... intoxicated with the madness ...
         cronus (at) iol (dot) ie
  ___________  ____   ____  __ __  ______
_/ ___\_  __ \/  _ \ /    \|  |  \/  ___/
\  \___|  | \(  <_> )   |  \  |  /\___ \ 
 \___  >__|   \____/|___|  /____//____  >
     \/                  \/           \/ 
      http://homepages.iol.ie/~cronus
