
                               ==Phrack Inc.==

                            Issue XIV, File 1 of 9

                          Released On July 28, 1987

Hi and welcome to the final regular issue of Phrack Newsletter.  Most of you
already know about the nationwide arrest of many of the phreak/hack world's
most knowledgeable members.  I may receive a visit from the authorities as
well and because of this and other events, I am going to leave the modem
world.

As of now, Phrack Inc. is dissolved.  It may put out an annual publication
once a year in the summer, but this is only a possibility.  If I remain a free
person, I will be able to release Phrack XV which will only be news and it
will feature details about Dan The Operator, PartyCon '87, and, of course, the
current Secret Service bust wave.

One last thing to mention.  Although I don't have the time to go into full
detail about it right now, at the current time, we at Phrack Inc. have
uncovered a large amount of evidence to support the conclusion that MAD HATTER
is an informant.  He should be deleted off of any BBSes that he calls.  We
believe that he was planted by the Secret Service to infiltrate PartyCon '87
and frame Control C and many others.

One last statement to make before the directory.  Basically, I have wanted my
escape from the phreak/hack world for a long time.  I figured SummerCon '87
would be my last big thing and then I'd write the article for PWN and by July
1, 1987, I would be done and out of the modem community.  Unfortunately,
events just kept happening and are still in motion.  Even if I am not busted,
as of August 1, 1987, I am considering myself not a member of the modem
community and I will not appear anywhere.  If Phrack XV isn't out by then, you
won't see it ever.  I'm sorry, but that's the way it has to be.

This issue features:

Introduction by Knight Lightning . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..012 Apple Sectors
Phrack Pro-Phile X Featuring Terminus by Taran King. . . . ..030 Apple Sectors
The Conscience of a Hacker {Reprint} by The Mentor . . . . ..017 Apple Sectors
The Reality of The Myth [REMOBS] by Taran King . . . . . . ..026 Apple Sectors
Understanding DMS Part II by Control C . . . . . . . . . . ..071 Apple Sectors
TRW Business Terminology by Control C. . . . . . . . . . . ..021 Apple Sectors
Phrack World News Special Edition #1 by Knight Lightning . ..053 Apple Sectors
Phrack World News Issue XIV/1 by Knight Lightning. . . . . ..070 Apple Sectors
Phrack World News Issue XIV/2 by Knight Lightning. . . . . ..101 Apple Sectors

I hope you enjoy it.

:Knight Lightning
______________________________________________________________________________

                               ==Phrack Inc.==

                     Volume Two, Issue 14, Phile #2 of 9

                            ==Phrack Pro-Phile X==

                      Written and Created by Taran King

                                   5/24/87

         Welcome to Phrack Pro-Phile X.  Phrack Pro-Phile is created to bring
info to you, the users, about old or highly important/controversial people.
This month, we bring to you a sysop and user of past days...

                                   Terminus
                                   ~~~~~~~~

         Terminus is the sysop of NetSys Unix and, in the past, ran Metronet.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Personal
~~~~~~~~
             Handle:  Terminus
           Call him:  Len
       Past handles:  Terminal Technician
      Handle origin:  Terminal Technician originated because of Len's view of
                      himself as a hacker.  Terminus was an offshoot of that
                      and, although it is an egotistical view, it means he has
                      reached the final point of being a proficient hacker.
      Date of Birth:  1/10/59
Age at current date:  29 years old
             Height:  5'9"
             Weight:  About 190 lbs.
          Eye color:  Hazel
         Hair Color:  Brown
          Computers:  6800 home brew system, Apple ][, Altair S100, 2 Apple
                      ][+es, IBM PC, IBM XT, IBM 3270, IBM AT, and 2 Altos
                      986es.
  Sysop/Co-Sysop of:  MetroNet, MegaNet, and NetSys Unix.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         Terminus began with the 6800 home brew system which he built himself.
It was built on a STD44 bus and it had 8K of memory.  He then got the Apple ][
(plain old ][) which was impressive with its cassette drive and RF modulator.
He then got an Altair S100 which he liked because it looked like a mainframe
and he also enjoyed building it.  The 2 ][+es came along and he got himself a
few floppies and a hard drive.  He then sold 2 of the Apples and gave away all
his software (and kept 1 Apple with a 15 meg hard drive) and got the IBM PC.
He was impressed at the time and ditched the Apple.  Due to frustration from
switching from an Apple Cat to a Hayes, he sat down and wrote a hacker which
eventually turned into CodeBuster, which was, for a long time, the only good
hacker available on IBM.  He then expanded and got an XT and slowly increased
his amount of storage.  When the AT came out, he got rid of the PC and got the
AT and at the same time, bought the IBM 3270.  After playing around with the
AT for a long time, he sold it because he needed some money so he was left
with the XT and 3270.  The XT was sold to make money to buy the Altos 986 and
he sold the 3270 about 4 months ago, now leaving him with the 2 Altos 986es.

         Terminus started running a bulletin board with an unmentionable board
to start with in 914 (where he met Paul Muad'Dib), and eventually got MetroNet
going.  MetroNet's original purpose was to be a phreak/hack board.  It was run
on an Apple ][ with 4 8" drives and 2 floppies plus a 5 meg hard drive, which
made for an impressive system.  It was going really well for a while, but then
the hard drive crashed, leaving the board down for about a month and things
slowed down after that.  At that time, he got a 15 meg drive, and a 1200
modem soon followed and it stayed up for about a year and a half total, at
which time Lord Digital was co-sysop.  It finally went down because he moved.
MegaNet was his next system, which ran under Concurrent PC-DOS.  It looked
like a public domain system, but that was camouflage.  It was multi-user (2
phone lines) and it ran on the XT.  That went down because he moved again
after being up for over a year.  He is currently running NetSys Unix on his 2
Altos 986es which are networked.  The system consists of 2 Altos 986es, an
Ethernet link, 240 megs, and 4 phone lines on a hunt, 3 of which are 1200 baud
and the final line is 2400 baud.  To get on NetSys, it is just $5 a month and
it can be reached at 301-540-3659 (2400 baud), and 3658-3656 (300/1200 baud).

         Terminus has never really met anyone in person from the phreak/hack
community, although he had many chances to in New York when he lived there.
He did go to a couple of Tap meetings, but doesn't remember anyone in specific
from when he went.

         Len started phreaking and hacking through a friend who worked in the
phone company that told him about various things that could be done with
electronics to play with the network.  He was very paranoid about boxing so he
never did anything like that (from his house anyway).  He started hacking
naturally after he got a computer.  His favorite system was the University of
Illinois because of its huge size and capabilities.

         Some of the memorable phreak boards he was on included Plovernet,
L.O.D., Pirate 80, OSUNY, Sherwood Forest I, and Shadowland.

         Terminus is an electrical engineer and he designs boards for
different minicomputers like PDP-11s, Data Generals, VAXes, and Perkin-Elmer.
He also writes some software to interface the boards that he makes.  He's
pretty decent at machine language, but recently (maybe because of the Unix?
Maybe?) he's gotten into C.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

        Interests:  Telecommunications (modeming, phreaking, hacking), music,
                    and smoking (ahem).

Terminus's Favorite Things
--------------------------

     Smoking:  Let's leave it at that.
       Music:  Hard rock and progressive jazz (he used to be a drummer).
 Programming:  Writing software for fun.

Most Memorable Experiences
--------------------------

Getting interviewed by the FBI in 1983 due to someone in Iowa getting busted.
The first time he discovered Alliance Teleconferencing and ran a conference.

Some People to Mention
----------------------

Krackowicz (Just a big "Thanks.")
The (414) Gizard (Sysop of Cryton Elite, thanks for giving him the phone
                  numbers and names to everyone on your system.)
Lord Digital (For being a good friend [Where the hell are you?].)

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

         Terminus shares Tuc's views on carding and feels it's a big gap
between committing fraud and learning the network.  As he got older, he got
more paranoid about things like that.  He also feels that the phreak/hack
"community" has already crumbled.  He also feels that the old days were
better.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I hope you enjoyed this file, ...And now for the regularly taken poll from all
interviewees.

Of the general population of phreaks you have met, would you consider most
phreaks, if any, to be computer geeks?  No, none of the people that he hung
out with.  Thank you for your time, Len.

                                            Taran King
                                   Sysop of Metal Shop Private
______________________________________________________________________________

                               ==Phrack Inc.==

                            Issue XIV, File 3 of 9

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
The following file is being reprinted in honor and sympathy for the many
phreaks and hackers that have been busted recently by the Secret Service. -KL
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

                       \/\The Conscience of a Hacker/\/

                                      by

                               +++The Mentor+++

                          Written on January 8, 1986
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

        Another one got caught today, it's all over the papers.  "Teenager
Arrested in Computer Crime Scandal," "Hacker Arrested after Bank Tampering"...
        Damn kids.  They're all alike.

        But did you, in your three-piece psychology and 1950's technobrain,
ever take a look behind the eyes of the hacker?  Did you ever wonder what
made him tick, what forces shaped him, what may have molded him?
        I am a hacker, enter my world...
        Mine is a world that begins with school... I'm smarter than most of
the other kids, this crap they teach us bores me...
        Damn underachievers.  They're all alike.

        I'm in junior high or high school.  I've listened to teachers explain
for the fifteenth time how to reduce a fraction.  I understand it.  "No, Ms.
Smith, I didn't show my work.  I did it in my head..."
        Damn kid.  Probably copied it.  They're all alike.

        I made a discovery today.  I found a computer.  Wait a second, this is
cool.  It does what I want it to.  If it makes a mistake, it's because I
screwed it up.  Not because it doesn't like me...
                Or feels threatened by me...
                Or thinks I'm a smart ass...
                Or doesn't like teaching and shouldn't be here...
        Damn kid.  All he does is play games.  They're all alike.

        And then it happened... a door opened to a world... rushing through
the phone line like heroin through an addict's veins, an electronic pulse is
sent out, a refuge from the day-to-day incompetencies is sought... a board is
found.
        "This is it... this is where I belong..."
        I know everyone here... even if I've never met them, never talked to
them, may never hear from them again... I know you all...
        Damn kid.  Tying up the phone line again.  They're all alike...

        You bet your ass we're all alike... we've been spoon-fed baby food at
school when we hungered for steak... the bits of meat that you did let slip
through were pre-chewed and tasteless.  We've been dominated by sadists, or
ignored by the apathetic.  The few that had something to teach found us will-
ing pupils, but those few are like drops of water in the desert.

        This is our world now... the world of the electron and the switch, the
beauty of the baud.  We make use of a service already existing without paying
for what could be dirt-cheap if it wasn't run by profiteering gluttons, and
you call us criminals.  We explore... and you call us criminals.  We seek
after knowledge... and you call us criminals.  We exist without skin color,
without nationality, without religious bias... and you call us criminals.
You build atomic bombs, you wage wars, you murder, cheat, and lie to us
and try to make us believe it's for our own good, yet we're the criminals.

        Yes, I am a criminal.  My crime is that of curiosity.  My crime is
that of judging people by what they say and think, not what they look like.
My crime is that of outsmarting you, something that you will never forgive me
for.

        I am a hacker, and this is my manifesto.  You may stop this
individual, but you can't stop us all... after all, we're all alike.

                               +++The Mentor+++

     [May the members of the phreak community never forget his words -KL]
______________________________________________________________________________

                               ==Phrack Inc.==

                            Issue XIV, File 4 of 9

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
                           The Reality of the Myth

                                    REMOBS

                                by Taran King
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

         In the  past, many  misconceptions  have  been  made of the legendary
REMOBS system.  The term has  been used and abused.  It  used to  be known  as
REMOB, rather than the proper REMOBS, which stood for Remote Observation.  The
REMOBS is a  REMote service  OBservation  System  manufactured  by  Teltone, a
company which makes various telephone equipment peripherals.

         REMOBS has a  number of  features.  The REMOBS  permits evaluation of
equipment or employee performance.  It allows observation of subscriber lines,
CO, toll, and E&M  trunks, repair  bureaus, and operator positions.  It can be
portable or set up  as dedicated  remote terminals.  The  observer console can
sample  entire networks.  REMOBS is compatible with all types of switching and
transmission media.

         The  purpose  of  the  REMOBS  system  is to measure  performance and
service  provided to  customers  in  an  impartial  and  unbiased  manner.  By
monitoring the subscriber connections  throughout the network switch, this can
be achieved.  The customer experiences are recorded and statistics are derived
to provide service level indices.

         REMOBS is  compatible with  all switching  systems including  Step by
Step, Crossbar, and electronic  equipment.  In each  situation, it can observe
almost   any   transmission   point  such  as  subscriber   lines, inter-  and
intra-office  trunks, toll  trunks, E&M  trunks,  repair  bureaus,  commercial
offices, and  operator positions.  The  console operators can observe by phone
line,  from  one  location,  any  switch  location/CO  with  the  remote  unit
installed.

         The  M-241 system  (which includes  the console and  remote terminal)
observes up  to 40  circuits, but  can scan  up to  100 lines  with  a  remote
terminal.  The terminal may observe up to  5  locations simultaneously, with a
capacity to observe 500 circuits at any one time.

         The REMOBS system  can observe all  remote terminals at any switching
system location through the console controls, making it feasible to observe an
entire network.  Remote terminals are equipped with plug-in connectors so they
can be moved routinely to observe desired locations.

The M-241 Remote Terminal:  The  remote terminal  is located  at the  point of
==========================  observation.  It  may  be  ordered in  portable or
dedicated configuration.  The remote terminal  remains inactive until accessed
by the  controlling  console.  The remote unit is  6.5" high, 22.88" wide, and
11.7" deep, arranged for relay rack mounting.

The M-242 Observer's Console:  Console  operators access  the remote terminals
=============================  through telephone lines.  Access to the remotes
is limited to  console operators who know the  access number, timing, and four
digit security code.  Additional  security  is  available  with  the  optional
security dialback feature.  The  System automatically scans observed circuits.
The first circuit to become busy is  selected and held by the system until the
necessary  information is  secured, the  operator presses the reset button, or
the calling  party goes on-hook.  Timing  circuits automatically drop the call
100 seconds after the calling party goes off-hook or, if answer supervision is
present, 15  seconds after the called party answers.  The console itself looks
very  much like  a  cash register.  Where  the digits  are normally, there are
places for  the trunk identity,  called  number,  stop clock, and memory.  The
pushbutton  controls  consist  of  the  following:  power  (key switch),  hold
buttons,  select buttons,  calling party,  called party,  display hold, clear,
O.G. line, auto  reset, reset (manual), read (stop clock operate), talk, voice
exclusion, memory,  plus a standard  touch-tone keypad with the A, B, C, and D
keys.  There  are  2  monitor  jacks, a  volume control and, for the primitive
lines  and  switches, a  rotary  dial  next  to  the  touch-tone  keypad.  The
operator's  console  stands  2.25"  in the front and  8.25"  in the back; it's
17,25" wide and 16.5" deep.

         The  observation  system  network is set up in the  following manner.
The operator observer is in an  observing center at the local  Central  Office
with the  M-242  REMOBS  Central  Console (which looks like a telephone to the
Central  Office).  Through  the  standard  telephone  network,  communications
occurs  between the console and the remote.  From the CO, through the incoming
circuitry, it goes  through the  connector to the M-241 REMOBS Remote Terminal
(which looks like a telephone to the  access line).  From there the connection
is  made to  the circuits  to be  observed including  the  subscribers  lines,
line-finders, toll trunks, repair lines, etc.

         The  information provided  is both  visual and  audible.  The  visual
display, showed on the  panel, includes the identity of  the remote  terminal,
the identity of the  observed  circuit, the  signalled  digits (up to 52), the
status of the calling and called  parties (on/off-hook), and the timing of the
call.  The audible  information (which is provided through headset or handset)
includes  the  call  progress  tones  for  disposition  (dial  tone,  type  of
signalling,  60 IPM,  120 IPM,  ringing,  answer, etc.) and voice transmission
(calling and called parties).

         The  REMOBS  system is  very much  different from  often-misconceived
system known as 4Tel made by Teredyne.  REMOBS is very much different from the
dial-up - enter 1 code - be given instructions simplicity of the  4Tel  but it
still has the legendary capabilities of listening in remotely.

         If you wish to gain more information about the REMOBS system, Teltone
Corporation can be written to at 10801 - 120th Avenue N.E., Kirkland, WA 98033
or phoned at (206) 827-9626.
______________________________________________________________________________

                               ==Phrack Inc.==

                            Issue XIV, File 5 of 9
 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|
|_|                                                                       |_|
|_|              Understanding the Digital Multiplexing System            |_|
|_|                                 Part II                               |_|
|_|                                                                       |_|
|_|                              by Control C                             |_|
|_|                                                                       |_|
|_|             An Advanced Telecommunications, Inc. Production           |_|
|_|_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _|_|
|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|_|



DMS switches were first introduced in 1979.  Since then it has been modified
to interface with numerous types of switches.  DMS has the ability to
interface with SP-1, #5 XBar, 1ESS, 2ESS, 3ESS, 4ESS, NX1D, NX1E, TSD, SXS,
ETS4, NO. 1 EAC, NO. 2 EAX, NO. 3 EAX, TSPS, CAMA/3CL boards, Stromberg
Carlson Turret of ONI and Visual Indicators, Modified North Electric TSD for
ONI, Stomberg Carlson (CAMA operator Position - ONI/ANI), AE #31 Switchboard,
Co-located NT/AE switchboard I/C, O/G, UDC data poller of OM, DACS (Directory
Assistance Charging System), NT #144 LTD, WECO #14 LTD, WECO #16 LTD, CALRS
(Centralized Automated Loop Reporting System), Badger 612A, AE #1 and #21 LTD,
AE #30, SC #14 LTD, Lordel MITS70 line Test System, Porta System Line Test
Unit, Pulsar II IMTS, Teradyne loop test unit, and the WECO MLT 1 (Mechanized
Loop Testing System).


Common Channel Interoffice Signaling
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Common Channel Interoffice Signaling (CCIS) is a way of signaling and a way of
implementing network level services.  CCIS provides reliable, crystal clear
data signaling links between the network and the switching offices.  The CCIS
signaling method uses transmission equipment that is separate from voice
trunks.


Common Channel Interoffice Signaling No. 6
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The basis for the CCIS system is the International Consultative Committee on
Telephone and Telegraph (CCITT) No. 6 international standard, which is brought
to its fullest capacity for use in the Stored Program Control (SPC) network of
AT&T.

The CCIS6 network contains a bunch of signaling regions, each having a pair of
interconnected Signal Transfer Points (STP).  The switching systems put into
CCIS6 that connect to STPs are called Serving Offices (SO).

Band Signaling (CCIS-BS) is used on trunk signaling for intertoll-type trunks
using the CCIS network.

Direct Signaling (CCIS-DS) is used for signaling between SPC switching
machines and a Network Control Point (NCP).  At the present time, CCIS6 can
handle Enhanced INWATS Originating Screening Office (OSO), Calling Card
Validation (CCV), Mechanized Calling Card Service (MCCS), and Billed Number
Screening (BNS).  CCIS6 is available with DMS-100/200, DMS-200, and
DMS-100/200 or DMS-200 with TOPS.


CCIS6 Diagram:
                                            NSB        ST
                      ------------         - - - - - - - - - - -
          DTC        |            |      |            -------    |
         - - -  DS30 |    IPML    | DS30 |  - - -    | ||    |   |
--------|     |------|- - - - - - |------|-|     |---| ||    |   |
Digital  - - -       |            |      |  - - -    | ||    |   |
Trunks               |            |      |           | ||    |   |
                     |            |      |            -------    |
                     |            |        - - - - - - -|- - - -
          DTC        |            |          TM         |
  DIG    - - -  DS30 |    NUC     |  DS30   - - -      -----
--------|     |------|- - - - - - |--------|     |----|     |
^        - - -       |Network     |         - - -      -----
CCIS         \        ------------                     Modem
Signaling     \            |
           - - -         -----
AN Links--|     |       | CCC |
           - - -         -----
          Channel
           Bank



Acronyms:

        DIG - Digital
        AN - Analog
        DTC - Digital Trunk Controller
        MSB - Message Switch Buffer
        ST - Signaling Terminal
        TM - Trunk Module
        NUC - Nailed-Up Connection
        IPML - Inter-Peripheral Message Link


Common Channel Interoffice Signaling No. 7
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Common Channel Signaling (CCS) No. 7 or CCIS7 is a CCS system based on CCITT
No. 7.  CCIS7/CCS7 on the DMS switch consists of two parts:  the Message
Transfer Part (MTP) and the Interim Telephone user Part.  They are compatible
with DMS-100, DMS-200, DMS-100/200, and DMS-100/DMS-100/200 with TOPS.

CCIS7 can't tell the difference between banded and direct signaling.  CCIS7
uses Destination/Origination Point Codes (DPC/OPC) to route back to the
switch.

CCIS7 can handle Automatic Calling Card Service (ACCS), Enhanced INWATS, Local
Area Signaling Services, and Direct Service Dialing Capabilities.


Equal Access
~~~~~~~~~~~~
The DMS-200 Access Tandem (AT) gives a traffic concentration and distribution
function for interLATA traffic originating and a distribution function for
interLATA traffic origination or terminating inside a Local Access and
Transport Area (LATA).  This gives the interLATA Carrier (IC) access to more
that one end office inside the LATA.  It can handle InterLATA Carrier access
codes (10xxx), 10xxx and 950-yxxx dialing, Automatic Number Identification
(ANI) on all calls, answer supervision, equal access Automatic Message
Accounting (AMA) for both originating and terminating calls, and operator
service signaling.

The DMS-100 EA gives direct and tandem switched access service inside the LATA
for originating and terminating to interLATA Carriers.  It is available in the
following three ways:

Equal Access End Office (EAEO)
------------------------------
DMS-100 Equal Access End Office (EAEO) gives a direct interconnection to
interLATA Carriers' (IC) and international Carriers' (INC) Points of Presence
(POP) inside the LATA.

Access Tandem with Equal Access End Office
------------------------------------------
The DMS-200 Access Tandem (AT) when used with equal access end office (EAEO)
lets trunk tandem interconnect to ICs/INCs POP inside the LATA.

The connection of the Equal Access End Office (EAEO) to an IC/INC through the
DMS-200 Access Tandem (AT) uses what is called two-stage overlap output
pulsing which makes the time it takes to set up a call quicker.  The AT uses
the digits OZZ + XXX out pulsed  in the first stage to identify the IC/INC
dialed and to pick out outgoing trunk.  Then a connection is established from
the IC/INC to the EAEO through the AT.  The second stage digits consist of ANI
and the called numbers are passed through the DMS-200 AT at the IC/INC.

An AMA terminating record in AT&T format is produced by the DMS-200 for all
the EAEOs.  A per call terminating AMA record is made for calls that get to
the stage where the trunk from the IC/INC has been seized and a "wink" has
been returned by the DMS-200 AT.

Access Tandem with a Non-Equal Access End Office
------------------------------------------------
DMS-200 AT using a non-equal access end office gives trunk tandem connection
to an IC/INC POP within the LATA.  To set up a call, connection of Feature
Group B (FGB) or Feature Group C (FGC) End Office to an IC/INC through the
DMS-200 AT uses the standard Bell Central Automatic Message Accounting (CAMA)
signaling.  The Access Tandem uses the XXX digits of the access code 950-YXXX
out pulsed from the FGB end office to identify the IC/INC and to connect to an
outgoing trunk.


Mechanized Calling Card Service (MCCS)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The fraudulent use of calling cards, third number and collect calls and the
increasing movement to automate current operator services has directly led to
the implantation of the Mechanized Calling Card Service (MCCS) to DMS-200/TOPS
and to the remote and host Operator Centralization (OC).

MCCS uses CCIS to relay queries and responses to and from the DMS-200/TOPS.
Operator handled calling card calls and the direct entry by subscribers of
Calling Cards by DTMF (Touch-Tone) telephones are given special provisions by
the MCCS.  Both the operator handling and the direct entry of calling card
calls are decreasing the size of the operators.

Billed Number Screening (BNS) gives an enhancement to the operator-handled
collect and third-number billing by using CCIS to screen a number at the
billing validation data base for billing restrictions (i.e. the third number
is a fortress).  This feature naturally will reduce fraudulent use of the
collect call feature.

Common Channel Interoffice Signaling-Direct Signaling (CCIS-DS), which is
the feature that the MCCS is designed around, is used to transmit messages to
and from many possible Billing Validation Centers (BVCs).  Messages
transmitted to the BVC about MCCS include the billing number and the Personal
Identification Number (PIN).  In BNS the messages have the special billing
number (collect or third number).  The return messages from the BVC include
validity (of the number), billing restrictions (if any), and the Revenue
Accounting Office (RAO) code.


Auxiliary Operator Services System
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The DMS-200 Auxiliary Operator Services System (AOSS) is used primarily for
Directory Assistance and the intercept needs that are not included in the TOPS
package.  The AOSS is similar to TOPS and co-exists with TOPS on the DMS-200
Toll system.

Major benefits of the AOSS include:  Directory Assistance is provided with a
modern environment, AOSS position administrative activities are performed by
the DMS-200 toll maintenance system, trunking savings are achieved by
combining trunking for 1+, 0+, and Directory Assistance traffic, DA services
are managed by using TOPS methods, creation of a built-in training system
which does not require additional training equipment and reduces training
costs.


Integrated Business Network
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The Integrated Business Network (IBN) is a revenue-producing concept designed
for small and big businesses to offer modernized PBX and Centrex features.
The Operating Company can use the IBN to maintain and enhance its competitive
position on a operational DMS-100 and DMS 100/200 switches.   While using the
DMS-100 switch, the Operating Company can support varying business features
along with existing local/toll traffic.

IBN services can be introduced to a Centrex-Central Office (CO) or a
Centrex-Customer Unit (CU) by additional software modules and minor hardware
enhancements.

Current IBN features include:  A growing system that can handle 30,000 lines,
networking capabilities, city wide service for DMS-100 switch and remotes for
any one customer Station Message Detail Recording (SMDR), which gives IBN
customers call records.  The records can be used for system analysis and
control and station charge-back.  SMDR can use LAMA records (if the IBN host
has LAMA equipment), centralized attendant maintenance, and administration
functions and Direct Inward Dialing (DID).


Electronic Switched Network (ESN)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The Electronic Switched Network is designed to meet the telecommunication
needs of large multi-location corporations.  The ESN is made up of a SL-1 or
SL-100 Digital Business Communications System with networking features or a
DMS-100 IBN host.  The SL-1 can handle from 30-5000 lines.  The SL-100 and the
DMS-100 IBN hosts can hold from a few thousands to 30,000 lines.

A DMS-100 IBN or SL-100 can remotely serve many locations from the host site.
This is done by a connection through digital transmission facilities which are
set up at remote modules at the subscriber's premises.

Here are some diagrams showing the differences between normal private
telecommunications networks and ESN networks.

                      Normal telecommunications network
                      =================================

           -----               ------
 [Phone]--| SnS |             | SL-1 |-[Phone]
          | PBX |             | PBX  |
           -----               ------
           |  |DOD/DID   DOD/DID|  |
           |   -------   -------   |
           |Tie       | |       Tie|
           |Trunk  ---------  Trunk|
            ------| Class-5 |------
              ----| Centrex |----
             |     ---------     |
             |                   |
             |                   |
             |                   |
           -----  Tie Trunk  ---------
          | SnS | ----------| Class-5 |
          | PBX |           | Centrex |
           -----             ---------
             |                   |
             |                   |
             |                   |
             |                   |
          -------             ------
 [Phone]-| Small |           | SL-1 |-[Phone]
         |  PBX  |           |      |
          -------             ------


                                  ESN Network
                                  ===========
          --------                               ----------
[phone]--| Remote |                             | SL-1 PBX |--[phone]
         | Module |                             | ESN Main |
          --------                               ----------
              |                                       |
              |  DS-1 Facility                        |  DS-1 Facility
              |            --------------             |
               -------->  | Local Class 5|  <---------
          [phone]---------|    DMS-100   |
                      ----|    IBN/ESN   |-------------
        2W Loop MFIDP |    --------------             | ESN Trunk Group
           or DS-1    |           |                   |     or DS-1
                      |         -----         ---------------
                      |        | CSC |       | Local Class 5 |
                   --------     -----        |    DMS-100    |
                  | SL-100 | <--- DS-1 ----> |    IBN/ESN    |
                   --------     Facility      ---------------
                      |                              |
                      |                              |
                      | DS-1 Facility                | DS-1 Facility
                      |                              |
                   --------                      ----------
         [phone]--| Remote |                    | SL-1 PBX |--[phone]
                  | Module |                    | ESN Main |
                   --------                      ----------




Specialized Common Carrier Service (SCCS)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The DMS-250 Specialized Common Carrier Service (SCCS) provides the capability
of Analog to Digital (A/D) and Digital to Analog (D/A) conversions which are
necessary with analog circuits.  The DMS-250 can also switch voice and data
circuits.

The DMS-250 takes either analog or digitally encoded info and by using time
slot interchange, switches it from any input port to a temporary addressed and
connected exit port.  The info may or may not be converted back to analog.

Cellular Mobile Radio Service
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
A cellular system consists of two main parts:  a cellular switch and cell site
equipment.


Cellular Switching Systems
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
A cellular switch performs three main functions:  audio switching, cell site
control, and system administration.

The DMS switches provide three basic implementations for cellular switching:
Stand-alone, Combined, and Remote.

Stand-alone switching is done by a Mobile Telephone Exchange (MTX) which is
interfaced with one or more class 5 end offices.  The connection is made by
DID/DOD trunks.  Depending on the needs of the area, the MTX can be divided as
follows:  MTX which serves urban areas, MTXC which handles suburban areas, and
MTXM which is used for rural areas.

Combined switching is incorporated into a DMS-100 by some hardware additions
and cellular software.  Combined switching is designed to give an easy,
cost-effective way to install cellular services to an existing host.

Remote Switching is done by combining Remote Switching Center (RSC) with a
Cell Site Controller (CSC).  This combination is hosted by either a
stand-alone or a combined switch.  Remote Switching is designed for serving
suburban centers, remote areas, or a small community and it gives extra
flexibility for a growing system.

All of these cellular switches have the ability to balance the workload among
various cell sites.  For example, if one site's workload reaches the
programmable level of congestion, calls would be routed to nearby sites that
can handle the extra calls.


Cell Site Equipment
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Cell site equipment consists of a CSC and radio equipment.  The CSC is
controlled by the cellular switch and it controls radio equipment and
maintenance tasks.  The CSC will work on any MTX cellular switch because of
the Remote Cluster Controller (RCC).

The radio equipment consists of self-contained Radio Channel Units (RCU),
antennas, transmitter multi-couplers, and receiver combiners.

By different program software, an RCU can perform voice, control locating, and
test functions.  The self contained nature allows the RCU be remotely located
to the CSC.  A RCU has built-in circuitry for extended testing of the radio
part of the system.


                                  Control C

<End of File>
  <May 1987>
______________________________________________________________________________

                               ==Phrack Inc.==

                            Issue XIV, File 6 of 9

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

                           TRW Business Terminology
                           ~~~ ~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~
                                 by Control C

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

Term           Explanation
----           -----------
Legal          Legal Involvement
Collect        Collection Account
Writ-Off       Account Written Off
NSF            Not Sufficient Funds
Lease Default  Lease Default
Liens          Liens
Repo           Repossessed
RFC            Refused Further Credit
Pays-Sol       Pays Slow
Not Pay AA     Not Paying as Agreed
Cia-Our-Req    Cash in Advance-Our Request
Was Pastdue    Account was Past Due
Was Problem    Problems In the Past
CIA            Cash in Advance
Adj.Bureau     Adjustment Bureau
COD            Cash on Delivery
COD Cusreq     COD Customer Request
Adv-Trend      Advertise Trend
New Owner      Recent Ownership Change
Hldg-Ord       Holding Orders
Secured        Secured Account
Discount       Discount
Improving      Improving
Unr-Disc       Unearned Discount Taken
X-Deduct       Unauthorized Deductions
Ref Fin Chg    Refused Finance Charge
Satsftry       Satisfactory Account
Bond Satis     Bonding Satisfactory
Prompt         Pays Promptly
Exlent Acct    Excellent Account
1st Sale       First Sale
21 Dys Late    21 Days Late
14 Dys Late    14 Days Late
7 Dys Late     7 Days Late
Exc Disc       Excessive Discount Taken
Dispute        Dispute Invoice
Prod Complt    Product Complaint
Consol Note    Consolidation Note
Ltd.Exp        Limited Experience
Note           Pays By Note
Floor Plan     Floor Plan Account
Trd-Acpt       Pays by Trade Acceptance
Ern Disc       Earned Discount Taken
Job Complet    Job Completed
Unfl-Ord       Unfilled Orders
Installment    Installment Account
New Account    New Account
Consignment    Sell on Consignment
Retention      Retention
Multi Locate   Multiple Locations Comments not Available
ADS XXX        Average Days Slow
Sold XXX Yrs   Number of Years Sold
DDWA XXX       Dollar-Days Weighted Average


                                 Payment Terms
                                 ------- -----

Term           Explanation
----           -----------
Net X          Net Due in X Days
Net Eom        Net amount due by the end of the month
Net Prx        Net amount due on the 1st of the following month
N10 Prxo       Net due within 10 days of the first of the following month
N10 Eom        Net due within 10 days of the end of the month
X/10 N15       X Percentage discount if paid in 10 days or total amount
               due in 15 days
X/15 N30       X percentage discount if paid in 15 days or total amount
               due in 30 days
X/30 N45       X percentage discount if paid in 30 days or total amount
               due in 45 days
X/10 Eom       X percentage discount if paid in 10 days or total amount
               due at the end of the month
X/15 Eom       X percentage discount if paid in 15 days or total amount
               due at the end of the month
X/10 Prx       X percentage discount if paid in 10 days, otherwise due on
               the first of the following month
X/15 Prx       X percentage discount if paid in 15 days, otherwise due on
               the first of the following month
X/Eom          X percentage discount if paid by end of month
X/Prox         X percentage discount if paid by the first of the following
               month
Cs Dis         Discount in return for payment before final due date.
Tr Dis         Reduction of the selling price and is always available to the
               customer regardless of the lateness of the payment
Special        Special terms offered by seller
Contrct        As stated in contract
Varied         Offers several different terms
Roi            Remit on receipt of invoice
D/S            Draft Payable at sight
D/O            Draft with order
COD            Cash on Delivery
COD-Req        COD at seller's request
CIA            Cash in advance
CIA-Req        CIA at seller's request
CWO            Cash with order
NET            Balance Due
Multi          Customer has more than one way of paying
Note           Written promise to pay at a specific time
Cash           Cash only
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

                                     Login
                                     -----
The proper format for TRW is as follows:

TCA1 RTS subcode+pw lastname firstname middleinitial...,street# streetinit
zipcode

Example:  (Subscriber code is 1234567 and PW is OS5)

TCA1 RTS 1234567OS5 SMITH JOHN S...,3123 H 37923[Ctrl S][Ctrl M]

                     ^C
______________________________________________________________________________

                               ==Phrack Inc.==

                            Issue XIV, File 7 of 9

     ^*^ PWN ^*^ PWN ^*^ PWN ^*^ PWN ^*^ PWN ^*^ PWN ^*^ PWN ^*^ PWN ^*^
     PWN                                                             PWN
     ^*^                 ^*^  Phrack World News  ^*^                 ^*^
     PWN                      Special Edition I                      PWN
     ^*^                                                             ^*^
     PWN                Edited, Compiled, and Written                PWN
     ^*^                     by Knight Lightning                     ^*^
     PWN                                                             PWN
     ^*^ PWN ^*^ PWN ^*^ PWN ^*^ PWN ^*^ PWN ^*^ PWN ^*^ PWN ^*^ PWN ^*^

Welcome to the first Phrack World News "Special Edition."  In this issue we
have two parts.  The first section deals with possible news stories of the
future after the weekend of June 19-21... SummerCon '87!  The second section
is a presentation of acronyms that never were, but should be.  All posts have
been taken from Metal Shop Private prior to its takedown in June.  Posts have
been edited for this presentation.

PWN Special Edition is not a regular series and will only appear when the
author deems it necessary to release one.   Please keep in mind that all
material in this file was written several weeks prior to SummerCon '87 and
therefore the events chronicled here are supposed fiction and comedy.

Thank you -KL.

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

Name: Phantom Phreaker

SummerCon Prank Backfires                                        June 31, 1987
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Well, the SummerCon went over well, except when the convention attendees stole
every payphone in the building and placed them in front of Taran King's hotel
room, rang the door, and shouted "Room Service."  Needless to say, Taran King
is now in jail until he can pay for all the stolen payphones.
______________________________________________________________________________

Name: Knight Lightning

Phreak/Hack World Shut Down!                                     June 21, 1987
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
It happened yesterday when John Maxfield accompanied by Ralph Meola, Richard
Proctor, Dan Pasquale, Edward P. Nowicki, and several members of the FBI,
Secret Service, National Security Agency, and local baggers 402 literally
invaded SummerCon '87, the annual phreak/hack reunion.  It has been reported
that a total of 97 suspects have been placed in custody with crimes linking
them to jay walking, loitering, curfew violation, disturbing the peace, and
belching in excessive amounts.

Details are sketchy but it appears that it all started when a very drunk pair
of twins decided to visit the local McDonald's and demanded a COSMOS Sundae
with passwords on the side.  When a very confused McDonald's employee refused,
they became agitated and whipped out a blue box, using it to open the "trunks"
of all the cars in the parking lot and then finally throwing it at an
employee. A mad crowd of people rushed to the Best Western Executive
International Inn and tried to storm the building when the other previously
mentioned uninvited guests arrived.

Final remarks from the twins... "So who wants to discuss CAMA?"

 Information provided by F. R. Newsline Services and on the scene reporting by
            Broadway Hacker (arrested for attempted prostitution).
______________________________________________________________________________

Name: Thomas Covenant

SummerCon '87 "Laugh Riot"; Numerous Phreaks Still Missing       June 25, 1987
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
(St Louis, PP)  Authorities are still searching for the nearly 100 missing
telecom enthusiasts who gathered in town over the weekend for a convention.
Apparently the missing parties were sitting around, undergoing the intake of
many assorted consciousness altering chemicals, when a strange young man with
shoulder length hair and wearing a Judas Priest jacket appeared.  He forced
them all into a white 1957 Chevy pickup and took off, leaving only Evil Jay
and Thomas Covenant behind.  Evil Jay was quoted as saying it was a "laugh
riot." Thomas Covenant had nothing to say as he is in shock from the incident
and currently undergoing treatment at the St. Louis Home for the Terminally
Bewildered.
______________________________________________________________________________

Name: Phantom Phreaker

Computer Enthusiasts Infected With The AIDS Virus                June 22, 1987
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
>From St. Louis Post Dispatch

They called it "SummerCon," a gathering of "phone phreaks" and computer
hackers who are loosely organized around a network of computer bulletin
boards. However, tragedy struck the meeting when the hacker named Evil Jay
tricked another hacker, Suicidal Nightmare, into entering the room belonging
to Broadway Hacker.  Suicidal Nightmare was found in the parking lot with a
torn anus.

As if this wasn't bad enough, Broadway Hacker then went wild and began trying
to molest the smallest hackers there.  He could be seen chasing Kango Kid
while screaming about a flaming mailbox and rubbing his genital area.

Other problems arose from the hackers meeting.  Several people were arrested
for possession of cannibus and illegal possession of alcohol.  The other
charges included:

o  Intoxicated Pedestrian
o  Disturbing the Peace
o  Contributing to the delinquency of a minor
o  Failure to yield at stop sign
o  No turn signal
o  Theft of telephones
o  Verbally harassing telephone operators

As you can see, these computer 'hackers' have no morals and decency and should
not be allowed to meet.

(C) Post Dispatch 2050
    Written by Jack Meoff
______________________________________________________________________________

Name: Knight Lightning

Phreak World Crippled; SummerCon Causes Despair                  June 22, 1987
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Today, the phreak world was astounded and dealt a horrifying blow as all the
phreaks who attended SummerCon left with their entire phreak knowledge
literally erased from their minds due to an excess of drinking and other
unknown mind altering substances.  It is unknown as to if these effects are
temporary or a life-long destruction.


Anarchy World Takes Charge                                       June 23, 1987
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
MetalliBashers Inc. have become the new "LOD" of the modem world since all of
the LOD members no longer can even remember what LOD stands for (in fact, no
one can, and forget I mentioned it!).  With MBI taking charge, the new wave of
the modem world has turned strictly anarchy, although there are rumors of
various pirating organizations beginning to unload new wares soon.


Investigators Lose Jobs!                                         June 24, 1987
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
John Maxfield reportedly lost ALL contracts today when it was discovered that
the phreak/hack community was completely destroyed, thus no one needed
protection from them.  He has now taken a job with the local sanitation
management firm to help figure out what to do with all the garbage now that
the phreak community wasn't stealing 1/3 of it anymore.
______________________________________________________________________________

Name:  Evil Jay

Suicidal Nightmare - History                                     June 23, 1987
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Suicidal Nightmare met death head on when Evil Jay knocked on his door
pretending to be a lineman checking on his line.  Once inside, Jay proceeded
to swing a hand set at him with amazing accuracy.  Once dragged outside, Jay
then proceeded to tie Suicidal naked to a tree and call the ever-lovin'
Broadway Hacker over to do his stuff.  Jay was last heard pleading insanity.
Suicidal Nightmare remains in intensive care, and Broadway Hacker is happy.
______________________________________________________________________________

That is the last of the news reports, now on with "Those Amazing Acronyms...!"
______________________________________________________________________________

Name: Doom Prophet

FUCK-Facilities Utilization Control Kitchen.  A really hot office.  They keep
     backups of all systems per a LATA, or in special cases, the entire BOC
     area, along with user logs and passwords.  They use the CUNTLICK system
     to interface with SHIT, explained momentarily.  They are difficult to
     reach as no one knows their number, and anyone calling it has to enter a
     special queue dispenser where he enters routing information to reach the
     FUCK ACD.  The FUCK technicians answer as normal subscribers and you have
     to tell them a codeword.

PENIS-Plant Engineering Network Information System.  Used by the PMS to deal
      with outside plant details and layout maps.

CUNTLICK-Computer Utilities Network In the Control Kitchen.  Used to sensor
         with SHIT.

SHIT-Supreme Hardware Inventory Totals.  Self explanatory.

CRAP-Customer Repair Analysis Service.  They use PENIS to supply PMS with
     info.

PISS-Primary Intertoll Switching Servicemen.  Co-ordinate classes 1 through 4
     toll offices and monitor the STP's.

BITCH-Building Installation Table Channel.  Used by SHIT technicians to obtain
      new switch and office status.

SCAB-Switching Cable Analysis Bureau.  They work with PMS for trunk testing
     and maintenance.  The systems they use are FART and DOPAMINE.

BASTARD-Box Accessible System To Aid Real D00ds.  A special in band NPA with
        full OSC support for blue boxers to experiment within legally.  Only
        operating in special areas.
______________________________________________________________________________

Name: Phantom Phreaker

DOGSHIT-Division Operations Group SHIT (see above post).  DOGSHIT is like
        SHIT, except that DOGSHIT is in a division.

CATPISS-Centralized Automatic Tandem Priorities Interexchange Support System.
        Self-explanatory.

BEER-Bell Electrical Engineering Research

COOL-Computerized Operations On Loops
______________________________________________________________________________

Name: Taran King

BOOGER-Bell Operational Office for Generation of ESS Reports.  Self
       Explanatory.

STAN-Spanish Tacos And Nachos.  This support group, Californian based,
     maintains food services for all superior employees (all employees).

NATE-Nacho And Taco Emissary.  This department secretly interfaces STAN with
     the rest of the network due to the STAN group's inability to fit in with
     society.  **Due to divestiture, NATE and STAN are no longer part of the
     network**

IL DUCE-Not an acronym, but the janitorial services department of the network.

PUMPKIN-Peripheral Unit Modulator Phor Kitchen Installations of NATE.  This
        group is in charge of interfacing kitchen activities through Project
        Genesis.  See RAPE.

BRRR-RING-The official word for the sound an AT&T phone makes receiving an
          incoming call.

BANANA-Basic Analog Network Analog Network Analog (No wonder they went
       digital)

RAPE-Red Afro-PUMPKIN Enthusiast.  This group, led by Peter, cheers IL DUCE
     while he sweeps the floors.

SCOOP-Secondary Command Output Only Procedure.  This converts all text to
      lower case.  It is a function used in most Bell computers along with
      LEX.

LEX-Lengthy Explanatory Xlations.  This program, found alongside SCOOP,
    converts all lowercase text, from SCOOP, into upper case and 40 columns
    surrounded by "$"s.

** Warning!  Never leave SCOOP and LEX running simultaneously or you will
surely cause L666 to occur. **

L666-The warning message generated by computers indicating endless loops of
     conflicting jobs.  This also indicates that everything is fucked.  See
     LOKI.

LOKI-Life Over-Kill Incentive.  If you find this error message on your
     computer, do not reboot the computer, but be sure to reboot something.
______________________________________________________________________________

Name: The Disk Jockey

SNATCH-Senses Nodes And Traps Code Hackers

TITS-Telephone Involved in Tandem Skipping

PUBIC-Plastered Uniforms Brought Inside CO (An employee infraction)

RAD-Receive Analog Department

DISC-Deadbeats Instinctively Scanning for Carriers

LAP-Local Area Payphone

Or use the codewords that Linemen and Telco employees use....

This                  Means This
----                  ----------
"OHFUCKNIGS"          "I'm trapped in a phone booth in a black neighborhood"
"FIDOFUCK"            "A customer's pet dog has me trapped up a pole"
"HOMEBONE"            "I got laid while doing a customer's installation"
"SNOOZEBOX"           "I'm sleeping, but saying I'm fixing little green boxes"
______________________________________________________________________________

This concludes Phrack World News Special Edition.  I hope you enjoyed it.  If
you have any comments or ideas be sure to get in touch with me or Taran King.

:Knight Lightning

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

     PWN ^*^ PWN ^*^ PWN ^*^ PWN ^*^ PWN ^*^ PWN ^*^ PWN ^*^ PWN ^*^ PWN
     ^*^                                                             ^*^
     PWN                 ^*^ Phrack World News ^*^                   PWN
     ^*^                          Issue XIV                          ^*^
     PWN                                                             PWN
     ^*^            ^*^ Compiled, Written, and Edited ^*^            ^*^
     PWN                     by Knight Lightning                     PWN
     ^*^                                                             ^*^
     PWN ^*^ PWN ^*^ PWN ^*^ PWN ^*^ PWN ^*^ PWN ^*^ PWN ^*^ PWN ^*^ PWN


On the Home Front/SummerCon '87                                 April 22, 1987
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Well I'd like to start off this issue with an apology to my readers.  Although
I had suspected it for quite some time, I never had any real reason to doubt
the validity of some of the past events detailed in PWN.  Please disregard and
ignore these previous stories relating to Oryan QUEST.

       Oryan QUEST Busted/415 Gets Hit Again              PWN Issue 4-2
       Dan Pasquale Seeks New Entertainment               PWN Issue 4-3
       Oryan QUEST Vs. Dan Pasquale                       PWN Issue 6-1
       Dan Pasquale:  Still Hostile Or Ancient History?   PWN Issue 7-1

The events regarding Oryan QUEST getting busted or having anything to do with
Dan Pasquale (of the Fremont Police Department) were fictional propaganda
devised and given to me under false pretenses by Oryan QUEST in an attempt to
make himself look like a more experienced phreak and to give him more
publicity and fame in the phreak/hack world.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Re-Announcing SummerCon!  The biggest and best phreak/hack convention ever!
Scheduled for June 19,20 1987 in St. Louis, Missouri and sponsored by
TeleComputist Newsletter, Phrack Inc., and Metal Shop Private.

The festivities will take place at the Executive International Best Western.
There will be two adjoining rooms for guests to sack out in, but you are
welcome to grab your own for space and privacy reasons.  The phone number at
the hotel is (314) 731-3800.  The name being used to rent the rooms and the
room numbers will remain unannounced until June 19, 1987 where this
information will be placed on the Phrack Inc./Metal Shop Private VMS and the
TeleComputist Information Line.  This is to prevent any individuals from
spoiling our fun at the Conference.

We have received quite a few confirmations about people going and have heard
from dozens more who plan to attend.  Just based on who we know for sure, this
will be an event to remember for the rest of your lives.

The schedule works sort of like this;

Friday Night       - Party and introductions
Saturday Afternoon - The conference will commence in the hotel's banquet hall.
Saturday Night     - More partying
Sunday Morning     - Everyone cruises home

Guests are asked to please bring some extra cash to help pay for the expense
of this weekend.  The front money will be supplied by the sponsors, but any
help will be greatly appreciated.  Thanks.

Remember, everyone is welcome to show up.  We only ask that you inform us
(myself, Taran King, and/or Forest Ranger) of your plans.  This also applies
for speaking at the conference.  Please inform us of the topic and how long
you plan to talk.

If you have any further questions please contact Knight Lightning, Taran King,
or Forest Ranger on any bulletin board you can find us, the Phrack Inc./Metal
Shop Private VMS, or call the TeleComputist Information Line at 314-921-7938.

Hope to see you there.

:Knight Lightning

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

                          *** Special Newsflash ***

                             ^*^ Free Seminar ^*^

When:         June 19, 1987 (Morning and Evening)
Where:        Sheraton Plaza
              900 West Port Plaza
              St. Louis, Missouri [Good timing isn't it]

Topics:       Advanced Tolls For Protocol Analysis
              Using the OSI 7-layer model

              Special operator interfaces for:  - entry level operators
                                                - protocol technicians
                                                - software engineers

              Test T1, SNA, X.25, ISDN, SS#7 with the same tester

Presented by:  Atlantic Resource Corporation
Featuring:     The INTERVIEW 7000 (R) Series Protocol Analyzers
Discussion:    T1 Testing
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Call to register:

Tell them you are (pick one):

- A manger responsible for protocol testing and certification
- An engineer developing OSI 7-layer protocols
- A network manager
- Tech control supervisors

Seating is limited so act quickly.

                  RSVP Atlantic Research Corp.  800-368-3261
______________________________________________________________________________

Voice Numbers; The Road To Retirement                            April 5, 1987
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
A rebuttal by Kerrang Khan (Edited for PWN)

Contrary to popular opinion, I actually have a reason for not giving out my
phone number.  There has been enough bullshit about this "incident," and I
guess it's time I gave my side of the story.

I don't want anyone to have my phone number.  Nobody in the phreak/hack world
needs it.  I'm easily reached via boards etc., and if it is that important to
speak with me voice, loops and bridges do exist.  It may be more convenient
for you to have my voice number, but I don't think its really worth the risk.
Face it, security people are getting serious about tracking people down.

Unless you move around the country on a monthly basis, you might as well
retire when your phone number gets 'out'.  This is not to say everyone whose
number isn't secure is due to be busted but consider the following:

If I have your phone number I also have:

1) Your full name
2) Age
3) Address
4) Criminal record (its public knowledge)

As well as just about anything else that comes to mind.  If I can do that,
just think what an investigator can do.  As far as Psychic Warlord's policy of
no number, no access goes, well I think it sucks.  Anyone here remember "The
Board" in 313?  [See Phrack World News Issues 7-1 and 9-1 for information
concerning "THE BOARD" and its aftermath.]

I don't know much about Psychic Warlord and he doesn't need to know much about
me.  Its his system, and he can do what he likes with it, but I hope this
isn't the wave of the future.  Its a good policy not to leave phone numbers
when calling boards for the first time, and after that, you'll have to use
common sense.  That is what it all comes down to, common sense.  It seems to
be in short supply these days.

                      Post Taken From Metal Shop Private
______________________________________________________________________________

Metalland South:  Phreak BBS or MetalliFEDS Inc.?                 June 2, 1987
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Metalland South BBS, at 404-327-2327, was once a fairly well known bulletin
board, where many respected members of the hack/phreak community resided.  It
was originally operated by two guys from Metal Communications, Inc., but it
wasn't an MCI club board.  The sysop was Iron Man and the co-sysop was Black
Lord.  Recently, it has come to the writer's attention, that MS has come under
new management, new policies, and possibly a new idea; Sting.

Somewhere around September-October 1986, Iron Man removed all of the hack/
phreak related subboards as well as all G-philes from the system.  He was
apparently worried about getting busted.  The last time this reporter spoke
with him, Iron Man said he intended to put the hack/phreak subs back up. Then,
not long after this conversation, the number was changed (The original number
was 404-576-5166).

A person using the alias of The Caretaker was made co-sysop and Iron Man would
not reply to feedback.  Everything was handled by The Caretaker [TC from now
on].  TC did not allow any hack/phreak subs, but said he would put them up if
the users would follow STRICT validation procedures.

Strict validation on MS includes:

^*^  Your Real Name
^*^  Your Address
^*^  Your Voice Phone Number
^*^  A Self-Addressed Envelope (in which he will send back with your account
     number and password.)

It is obvious to see the ramifications here.  A board or sysop gets busted and
then makes a deal to turn over the board to some company or agency.  To make
sure that they get who they want, you have to give them all this info, and the
only you can get a password is to let them mail it to you, thus guaranteeing
that if something illegal is posted under that account, you are responsible,
no ifs, ands, or buts.

Now, with the always helpful use of CN/A and various other special procedures,
this reporter and several others have contacted the home of The Caretaker.  TC
will not admit to being or to not being The Caretaker.  He says he "may be."
Also, while speaking with to Taran King, TC tried to engineer Taran's phone
number three times, using trickery like "let's be friends, what is your phone
number?"  TK gave the guy the MSP number, figuring everyone has it.  Also TC
is older than 18 (estimated at age 30), and he has three phone lines in his
house.  When called, he will not admit to who he is, who runs MS, or who is
the sysop of it.  Also, besides begging for you phone number (or demanding he
call you).  TC tries to trap you into admitting that you are/have committed
toll fraud.  In TK's case, TC tried to get Taran to admit to using other
person's LD service PINs.

The whole aura of mystery around Metalland South seems enough to make it not
worth calling.  I urge you never to call this system and never send in
information like that to any system.

Recently I have spoken with Iron Man, and he says "I gave the board to some
guy cause I was sick of running it."  Well, he is lying as you will see in the
following transcript:

ME:  So, gave it away.  To who?
IM:  I really don't know him that well.  I can give you his first name.
ME:  No, that is okay.  How old is he?
IM:  I don't know.  We only talked once and I sent him the software.
ME:  Is his name XXXXX, XXXXX (TC's real name)?
IM:  I really don't know.
ME:  So why did you give the board to someone you don't know?
IM:  That was the only chance of keeping it up.

Now, IM do you know him or not?  Do you just go throwing the board around?  I
thought you said you knew his first name?

^*^  How the heck could he send him the software and not know his name?
     (Yeah, I suppose he AE'd a 30 sub system.  I can see it now, "To whom
     these disks concern."

^*^  Didn't IM seem to know much too little about The Caretaker?  I could
     understand him not having the guy's last name or address, but not even
     knowing his age or where he lives..?

Here are some other things to think about.  There is an entire subboard
dedicated to law enforcement and the local police even have an account on the
system under the name CRIMESTOPPERS.  I wonder what they would have to say
about codes on the bulletin board.  Keep in mind that Metalland South has no
affiliation with Metallibashers, Inc. or Metal Communications, Inc.

Please do not harass the board or its sysop(s), for it serves no purpose.  Now
understand that this article is not definitely stating that this board is
directly connected to any law enforcement agency, you can decide this for
yourself.

                      Article Written By >UNKNOWN USER<
                     (An Anonymous Phrack Field Reporter)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Editorial Comments...
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
I just wanted to make a few comments about the above article.  >UNKNOWN USER<
is the official handle that shall be used by anyone supplying an article, but
wishes for his name not to be mentioned.  Its symbolic of the "anonymous user"
function on Metal Shop Private, but it has no direct connection.

We, the editors of Phrack, do not necessarily agree with any of the above
statements and we do encourage those with opposite viewpoints to voice them.
PWN can be used as the forum for those viewpoints, in which I shall voice no
opinion.  One more thing, for the record, I did edit the article (with the
author's consent) and will continue to do so to ensure that the original
author's style will not revel their identity.

:Knight Lightning
______________________________________________________________________________

Toll Fraud Trial Sets New Tone                                    June 5, 1987
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
>From Network World
by Josh Gonze (Staff Writer)

                    "May be first jury finding for abuse"

Dallas - The recent jury conviction of a Texas man for the theft and sale of
long-distance access codes may make it easier for long-haul carriers to stem
the tide of toll fraud, which costs the industry an estimated 500 million
dollars a year.

On May 11, 1987, a U.S. District Court jury here [in Dallas] found Dallas
resident Jack Brewer guilty on two counts each of trafficking and possession
of telephone access codes stolen from Texas National Telecommunications Inc.
(TNT), a Texas long-distance carrier.  Brewer was charged under a section of
the federal COMPREHENSIVE CRIME CONTROL ACT of 1984.

Sources close to the case said Brewer may be the first person to be convicted
by a jury for toll fraud in the United States.  The case is also seen as
important because it indicates growing recognition of toll fraud as a serious
crime.

Brewer was selling the stolen codes, which telephone callers use to access
long-distance circuits of carriers other than AT&T and which those carriers
use for billing, says Terry K. Ray, the Assistant U.S. Attorney who prosecuted
Brewer.  TNT officials said use of the stolen codes cost the company $30,000.
Ray said he met with representatives of MCI Communications Corp. last week to
discuss the investigative techniques used to apprehend Brewer and legal
methods used to win the conviction.  Brewer will be sentenced by a judge on
June 4 [Yeah the story is a little old, so what], and faces a maximum sentence
of 50 years imprisonment and a $1 million fine.

Toll fraud places a heavy financial burden on MCI and other carriers.  Neither
MCI or AT&T would divulge what toll fraud costs them, but U.S. Sprint
Communications Co. said fraudulent use of access codes lowered its
first-quarter 1987 revenue by $19 million.

Brewer was apprehended through a sting operation conducted with the help of
TNT, Southwestern Bell Corp., and the U.S. Secret Service.  Southwestern Bell
monitored Brewer's private telephone as he dialed numbers sequentially in a
trial-and-error attempt to obtain active access numbers.  The Regional Bell
Holding Company kept a list of the working access codes obtained by Brewer.
Secret Service agents then contacted Brewer, posing as buyers of access
numbers.  For $3,000, Brewer sold them a list of 15 numbers, which matched the
list, made by the RBC [Just a tad greedy wasn't he?].

MCI has joined with AT&T, U.S. Sprint and some smaller carriers to form the
Communications Fraud Control Association (CFCA).  Rami Abuhamdeh, executive
director of Tysons Corner, a Virginia based group, said there have been
several convictions for toll fraud to date, but those cases were decided by
judges, not juries.

A number of federal and state statues apply in stolen code cases, depending on
how and when the offender defrauds the carrier, Abuhamdeh said.  Gaston Sigur,
a lawyer for exchanges, they will faze out code numbers as a way of accessing
long-distance circuits and the level of toll fraud will decline.

                           Thanks to Jester Sluggo
                      Typed for PWN by Knight Lightning
______________________________________________________________________________

PWN Quicknotes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
A guy who was involved in the California area phreak/pirate organization,
known as The Duplicator, was reported as being killed in a plane crash.
                     Info by Sir Francis Drake (3/31/87)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Doc Holiday was busted for hacking a COSMOS system that was local to him.
Apparently, he dialed direct and the CO most likely had CLID.         (4/2/87)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
KEN is working on version 3.0 of Forum-PC, and there are rumors that it may be
public domain.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Broadway Show BBS, once known as The Radio Station, will be returning to
the 212 NPA.  Please contact Broadway Hacker for details.
                  Information From Broadway Hacker (4/16/87)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The rumor going around on Pirate-80 (P-80) that The Lineman is a fed should be
disregarded as The Lineman in question lives in the western part of the nation
and not the famous sysop of Atlantis.   Information From The Lineman (4/20/87)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Special Notice:  As of Phrack XVI, Lucifer 666 will become the author of
Phrack World News.  Please send any news, stories or articles to him.  I will
be mildly active, but only for special reports or editing.

                     Knight Lightning   -   June 5, 1987
______________________________________________________________________________

          PWN ^*^ PWN ^*^ PWN { SummerCon '87 } PWN ^*^ PWN ^*^ PWN
          ^*^                                                   ^*^
          PWN                Phrack World News                  PWN
          ^*^                   Issue XIV/2                     ^*^
          PWN                                                   PWN
          ^*^               "SummerCon Strikes"                 ^*^
          PWN                                                   PWN
          ^*^          Created, Written, and Edited             ^*^
          PWN               by Knight Lightning                 PWN
          ^*^                                                   ^*^
          PWN ^*^ PWN ^*^ PWN { SummerCon '87 } PWN ^*^ PWN ^*^ PWN

Welcome to Phrack World News Issue XIV/2.  This issue features the exclusive
coverage of SummerCon '87, which took place in St. Louis, Missouri during the
weekend of June 19-21, 1987.  Before we get to the bulk of the issue I'd like
to make a note that most of the people who originally claimed that they would
attend did not show up, but this didn't stop us from having a great time. -KL
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
PreCon'87; Tuc                                           Sunday, June 14, 1987
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
It all started Sunday with the arrival of Tuc from New York.  He checked in at
the Executive International Best Western and then later went to visit the
Volkswagon Car exhibit that was currently appearing in St. Louis at the
National Museum Of Transportation.

Taran King and Knight Lightning went to meet Tuc at the hotel unaware that he
had not yet returned from his visit.  In the meantime they contacted several
other associates to learn more about other guest's plans of arrival.

Sometime later, Tuc returned to the hotel and fell for a trick pulled by
Knight Lightning and opened the door to his room.  From here, PreCon'87 began
and before too long Forest Ranger joined KL and TK.  After some more
greetings, Tuc unveiled some of his surprises including a few of his business
cards.

The gathering broke up for a few hours and then regrouped (with the addition
of Cheap Shades) back at the hotel.  From there, Forest Ranger led the rest of
us on a trek into Illinois (where they sell alcohol on Sundays).  We finally
reached a place called "Fast Eddie's," which served not only as a liquor
store, but as a bar and whorehouse as well.  Tuc and FR made their purchase
and the party left for the hotel.

Things remained pretty calm for a while, as we contented ourselves with the
consumption of alcoholic beverages.  However, as the night lingered on, we
became restless and loud.  It wasn't long until lawn furniture started to
disappear from the hotel's pool patio and this is when we received our first
call from the hotel desk.  Soon afterwards, we decided that is was time to eat
and so we sent out for pizza.

Now, although we tried to keep the noise level down, apparently there were
still complaints about us.  About 27 minutes after we ordered the pizza, we
received a visit from FR's sister-in-law who brought us a warning.  "Get the
hell out of here, the police are on their way!"  That's all we needed to hear.
Beer cans were grabbed and we were running for the door, when the hotel
manager and security arrived.  We explained that we were leaving and ran down
the hallway.  All of the sudden, the Domino's Pizza deliver man shows up.  FR
yelled, "Yo, Domino's dude.  If you want to get paid, come down here!"  There
was no reaction.  "Hey, you can deliver it to us here now or to jail, and then
you won't get a tip."  He finally got the point.

We grabbed the pizza and headed for a field north of Lambert Field (St. Louis
International Airport).  The place was known as the PVA (Private Viewing
Area), but FR informed us that it was really a PFA (Private Fucking Area) as
we noticed when we arrived.  However, we were content with eating our pizza
and drinking what was left of the beer.  The hotel tried to get Tuc to pay for
the room next door to his because the occupant complained that he didn't get
any sleep.  Tuc refused and checked out of the Best Western.
______________________________________________________________________________

PreCon'87; The Omni International Hotel                Thursday, June 18, 1987
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
This event was hardly as eventful as the previous one, but at least I can fill
in a few blank days.  Monday, June 15, 1987, we all saw the movie "The Witches
of Eastwick" and visited North West Plaza.  Tuesday, June 16, 1987, I don't
know about because I wasn't there.  Wednesday, June 17, 1987, KL, TK, and Tuc
visited Union Station (a luxurious shopping mall) and Tuc picked up souvenirs
for friends back home.

On Thursday we had several guests arrive.  Dan The Operator (a real geek)
arrived the earliest and Lucifer 666 and Synthetic Slug arrived a little later
(together).  Excluding Cheap Shades at the time, we all converged at Taran's
house where the excited crowd wanted to see Metal Shop Private.  Sadly though,
a disassembled shell was all that remained.  It wasn't long before we became
bored and left for the hotel.  L666 and SS got a room and we killed the rest
of the afternoon at North West Plaza. Afterwards we began to party it up in
the room while watching TV.

Some hours later, we received a call from Bill From RNOC, who was traveling
with Ninja NYC.  They were at The Omni International Hotel, downtown and
adjoining to Union Station.  The Omni is one the most expensive hotels in the
city and we were all anxious to see it.  KL, TK, Dan The Operator, and Tuc
left to go visit Bill and Ninja.

After some misadventures in downtown St. Louis, we arrived at The Omni, which
was a pretty secure building.  The elevators required a room key to be
operated.  It seems kinda silly though when you consider that the stairs
didn't.  So up we went to the third floor where Bill and Ninja were actually
staying.

The rooms at The Omni aren't a whole lot bigger than at Best Western, but they
are quite a bit nicer.  They have a TV and a phone in the bathroom.  The main
TV is remote control and gives you a billing readout on channel 3.  It was
different.

Bill came well prepared for the Con, he had stacks of old and new issues of
2600 Magazine and other propaganda and material.  He had several other
interesting items as well including his mysterious notebooks that never left
his sight.  However, the most intriguing item that he had with him was his
"bible."  "Engineering and Operations in the Bell System" published by AT&T
Bell Laboratories.  You can guess what was inside.

So we all talked for a while and then said our goodbyes.  The rest of the
evening was for the most part uneventful for us, however, back at Best
Western, Forest Ranger was lighting everything on fire and L666 attempted
(unsuccessfully) to breath fire.  I guess he wanted to live up to his name.
SummerCon '87 was about to begin.
______________________________________________________________________________

SummerCon '87; The Beginning                     Friday Morning, June 19, 1987
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
This was the day we had been waiting for.  Dan The Operator had shared a room
with Tuc (and he still hasn't paid his share) and Bill From RNOC and Ninja NYC
got a room at the Best Western.  Everyone soon gathered in Bill's room and
decided to order pizza.

So we called Pizza Hut, which was just down the road and Bill was very
surprised to discover that they did not have "BIG Igloo Jugs."  After
harassing the lady on the phone for a while, Tuc, TK, KL, Shades, and Dan left
to go pick up the pizza.  We didn't know Dan was taping us, but that story
will be told later.  We messed around at Pizza Hut for a while and then headed
back to the hotel.  On the way we had a drag race with some guy who thought he
had a cool car, we won.

It wasn't much longer until Sir Francis Drake arrived bearing surprises.  With
him was Dr. Strangelamb (named for Dr. Stranglove, who wasn't too happy about
it), a small stuffed black sheep that makes a "baa" sound when turned over.
Lucifer 666 had a lot of fun at the Con playing with it.  SFD also had several
pictures of Oryan QUEST, his car, and Aiken Drum.  As far as QUEST's pictures
go, well lets just say that The Executioner's file in Phrack 13 was totally
correct.

While back at the hotel, we had some problems with the management.  They
didn't appreciate our attempts at putting up signs in the lobby for SummerCon
people. We worked something out, but on a nearby payphone was perhaps the
strangest person we encountered the whole weekend.  It was some weird lady who
barked and scream and kicked the wall, while on the phone.  FR was on the
phone next to her and she screamed the word "COCKSUCKER!"  He looked at her
and she said "My son-in-law, what an asshole."  FR's response was, "Uh yeah, I
think I know some people like that."

We relaxed for a while back in Bill's room (We couldn't stand to stay in
L666's room because of the lingering smell of Synthetic Slug's shoes).  As we
became bored, things started to be taken apart.  Like the TV, phone, and the
internal speaker system in the room.  Throughout all of this, Dan The Operator
had been taping us, but again that will be explained later.
______________________________________________________________________________

SummerCon '87; Lets Party!             Friday Afternoon-Evening, June 19, 1987
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Lex Luthor and The Leftist arrived at St. Louis Center and called for further
directions.  After a long and tiring ordeal, they finally learned how to reach
us.  Unfortunately it was rush hour and it would take them some time.  We
killed an hour and before long they joined us at Best Western.

After introductions were made, Tuc called Lex out into the hall, and then they
in turn called me, Taran King, and Bill From RNOC as well.  The topic of
discussion was Dan The Operator who had hinted earlier that he was going to
get a picture of Lex Luthor, without his knowledge.  Less than 3 minutes
later, Ninja NYC followed by Dan The Operator (tape recorder on) sneaked out
the window and tried to reenter the hallway undetected.  Ninja had no way of
knowing what we were discussing and thus allowed Dan to come with.  Suddenly
we all started to run towards Dan with the intention of beating the hell out
of him.  However, he sneaked back into the room through the window.

Once the excitement was over we headed out to dinner.  It was mostly
uneventful, except for the conversations on the way.  I don't know what went
on in Tuc's car, but in mine we discussed Dan.  We split into two groups, one
went to Imo's (a pizza joint) and the rest of us (Bill From RNOC, Ninja NYC,
Lex Luthor, Tuc, The Leftist, and myself) went to a regular sit-down
restaurant. We discussed all sorts of different things both phreak and
non-phreak related, but again the main topic was Dan.

Soon we were joined by the others and we left to go back to Best Western where
we found The Disk Jockey, LOKI, and Control C.  These guys came extremely well
prepared.  They rented a station wagon somewhere in Michigan and filed it with
a cooler (you can guess what was inside that), tons of magazines, manuals,
electrical equipment, a mobile phone transmitter/receiver, and Control C's IBM
PC, hard disk drive, and modem.

After which, Phantom Phreaker, Doom Prophet, Data Line, Forest Ranger, Bit
Master, and another friend of FR's showed up.  SummerCon '87 had begun.  It
was just a big party from then on, with the regular hotel party actions.  Data
Line had brought lots of TeleComputist back issues to the TeleComputist room
and was distributing them around.

At different times during the night, the elevators were jammed and several
people at the Con decided to go up on the roof.  However, many of them also
decided to search for the hotel's PBX system.  Somewhere along the way,
Control C, The Leftist, Lucifer 666, Cheap Shades, and I found ourselves
locked inside the staircase of the main building.

The doors only opened from the outside, except at the bottom.  Unfortunately
opening the door at the bottom would result in sounding the fire alarm in the
building.  This was bad news because that was the last thing we needed.  Even
if it wasn't our fault there would be complications.  So the five of us split
up and each took a door to bang on.  The hotel was mostly empty in these
areas, but I knew that there were people on floor ten.  So Lucifer 666 and I
ran up ten flights of stairs and pounded on the door until we finally got a
response, several in fact and many of the people weren't happy (it was after
11 PM). Before too long we had rounded up the rest of our crew and made it
back to the rooms just in time to say good-bye to Phantom Phreaker and Doom
Prophet who were leaving for home (they would return for the Con tomorrow).

Several more hours of partying commenced, as well as hourly pizza deliveries.
Everyone was having a great time, however as the night dragged on, the concern
regarding Dan The Operator and his camera (and other things) grew.  He had
been found already talking to John Maxfield once that night on the payphones
and had been caught asking questions about several of the people at the Con.
It wasn't long before the word "TeleTrial" began to be chanted by most of the
Con-goers.

The interested parties gathered in the TeleComputist room and the
interrogation began.  Dan The Operator's explanations of events that evening
had been proven false as they contradicted each other.  The next step was to
search his belongings.  Forest Ranger led the prosecution and started through
Dan's notebooks.  In it was information about several of the people at the con
and Taran King's and Forest Ranger's addresses (Dan had been to both their
homes where he could have found the addresses).  There were also phone numbers
belonging to people that several Con-goers called.  Obviously Dan had been
keeping his eyes and ears open in order to gather information.

Dan became worried when FR wanted to search his suitcase and they stepped
outside for a moment.  For some reason Dan was worried about us seeing his
dirty underwear.  Now why would he become so frantic about dirty underwear
unless there was something especially dirty about it.  You can come to your
own conclusions about this one.  Anyway, Dan brought all sorts of electrical
equipment with him, including welding equipment and light switches and things.
The most hilarious item that he brought was Garfield the cat, a stuffed animal
that he slept with.

The camera, tape recorder, film, and tapes were confiscated for later
examining and being that is was around 4 AM, everyone decided to get some
sleep.
______________________________________________________________________________

SummerCon '87; Conference Time                         Saturday, June 20, 1987
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Taran King, Cheap Shades, and I arrived back at Best Western around 12 AM.
Most of the other Con people were either still asleep or out for breakfast.
By 12:45 almost everyone was back and we proceeded to the "Kitty Hawk Room."

Some of the clothing worn at the Con reflected the person's interests.

                    Bill From RNOC - Computer Hacker (pic)
                    Lex Luthor     - VAX/VMS Rules!
                    Tuc            - UNIX Bozo

The Con started off rather slow as no one really knew how to get it started.
Finally Lex Luthor decided to discuss the current rumors about the BBS
decline.  From there the topics included;

Bulletin Boards
Busts (Texas, Virginia, New York)
Fiber Optics
Automatic Number Identification (ANI)
REMOBS
Laws
Handles
Groups
Broadway Hacker
Methods of blowing 2600 Hertz
SCCS
4TELs
800 CLID

Later, Bill From RNOC told some stories about his exploits and proceeded to
draw diagrams of whatever came to mind.  Phantom Phreaker and Doom Prophet
were upset that no one wanted to discuss CAMA.

In the meantime, I noticed that Dan The Operator had disappeared.  Forest
Ranger and I investigated only to discover that the tapes had disappeared as
well.  We caught up with Dan later and discovered that the tapes were now in
Control C's rented station wagon.  LOKI let me in and I took the cassette I
had been looking for and a roll of film.  The tape had all of my SummerCon
article memos on it and this article is partially the result.  We didn't know
about side B, but more on that later.

After the Con, Taran King, Control C, Lucifer 666, Bill From RNOC, and I
headed out to my house where we had some serious copying to do.  Control C
brought his computer and we began to copy Metal Shop Private on to his hard
disk drive. While this was going on, Lucifer was receiving a copy of my very
own PWN software to aid him when he takes over with issue XVI.  I left the
cassette and film at my house, its a pity I didn't play it right away because
this article would have had a very different end.

Anyway, we finished up and then headed to Chesterfield Mall, a nearby shopping
center.  From there we proceeded to the local CO and recovered some
interesting artifacts.  Our next stop was to pick up some hardware that we
needed and then more trashing.  We returned to Best Western and learned that
Lex Luthor and The Leftist had left due to Leftist's tight schedule.

The rest of the afternoon was mostly uneventful.  Lots of rain and not much to
do.  As night approached, the party part of the Con began to restart.  Several
of us got bored with this and decided to explore parts of the hotel.  We found
a Navy wedding reception and decided to take in the food.  The management
didn't approve and we were bounced.  So then we decided to take a look at the
telephone wiring boxes in the hallways of the buildings.  The problem was that
to open them you had to rip out part of the wall.  Nevertheless, things have a
way of happening and the residents of several wings of the hotel found
themselves without phone service.

The management didn't like what was happening at all and called the police to
investigate.  They spotted several of us running around the hotel and it was a
mad dash back to the rooms for cover.  LOKI was spotted going through an open
window into Lucifer 666's room and the police decided to investigate it more
closely.  After an hour of panic and excitement, things cooled down and most
of the people in Lucifer 666's room either went to sleep or were playing with
Control C's computer and logging on to Metal Shop Private.

We were bored and so Ninja NYC, Bill From RNOC, Taran King, Tuc, and I decided
to go throw ice on Dan The Operator.  We ran down the hall and banged on
L666's door.  Suddenly one of the hotel managers appeared and threatened us
that if we didn't go to our rooms and keep quiet he would call the police.  We
left the hall and went to the back parking lot.  Ninja started a wheel rolling
towards the building and we all knew what the result would be <CRASH!>.

Before it hit we ran at full speed around to the front of the hotel where we
were greeted by a hefty officer of the Bridgeton Police Department.  He was
sort of leaning on his car facing us.  It was so eerie because it almost
seemed as though he knew we were coming and was waiting for us.  We slowed
down considerably until he said, "Run to me boys."  No one really reacted
until he said it again, "C'mon run to me boys."  Ten seconds later he was
joined by the asshole manager that had yelled at us not more than 60 seconds
ago.  "How old are you!?" he asked checking for curfew violations.  Our
replies varied from 17 to 21.  "Where are you from!?"  Bill and Tuc replied
New York, the rest of us kept quiet.  "Lets see some room keys!"  We showed
him two keys and then he looked at the asshole manager and said, "They belong
here."  "Why are you outside, what are you doing!"  Taran replied, "Going to
get something to eat, is that okay mister!?"

Our car was parked next to his and we took off for a while.  He tried to
follow us, but we quickly left his jurisdiction.  While we were out we found
the home of Bigfoot (the truck).  We messed around there for a while and then
returned to Best Western and walked around some of the vacant floors of the
hotel.

The only other interesting activity we did that evening was a 3 AM trip to a
24 hour food store.  Bill From RNOC, Taran King, Tuc, Sir Francis Drake, and I
went to a Super Schnucks and messed around there.  It was huge and we almost
lost SFD.  After making a few purchases, we went back to the home of Bigfoot
and Taran decided to play bumper car with some of the super huge tires in the
parking lot.  We returned to the hotel for the last time and found Ninja NYC
on the phone with L666's current girlfriend.  We harassed her for a while and
then I fell asleep.  Taran and a few others made a few other trips around town
and woke me up at about 6 AM Sunday morning.
______________________________________________________________________________

SummerCon '87; Good-bye & Good Luck!                     Sunday, June 21, 1987
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Forest Ranger dropped by early to take Bill From RNOC and Ninja NYC to the
train station, Taran King went along for the ride.  It would be over 24 hours
before they got home.  Tuc took Dan The Operator to the airport around 7 AM
and at about 8 AM Cheap Shades and I dropped off Sir Francis Drake who was on
his way to Boston.  I took Cheap Shades home and then went back to my house to
crash out.

Forest Ranger went back to Best Western to find everyone in Bill's room.  Bill
and Ninja never checked out because of an excessively large phone bill that
they didn't want to pay, so everyone took advantage of this situation and
started to to order room service.  Sometime later a bellboy appeared to
collect the money due for the room service and everyone left leaving Forest
Ranger behind.  "Hey, I'll be right back, I left my wallet in my car, hold on
a sec, okay?"  FR never returned and everyone went home except for Tuc who was
at another hotel (He took a room at Ben Franklin because he wasn't welcome at
Best Western after what happened the Sunday previous).

Around 10 AM, I decided that I didn't feel like sleeping and started playing
the tape only to find several unauthorized recordings.  Dan had been taping us
all throughout the Con, but the interesting parts came later.  There was part
of an Alliance teleconference on the tape where Dan tried to act like he was
some real important person (what a joke!) and a botched up social engineering
job.  The BIG shocker hit when I flipped the tape over to discover 45 minutes
of a conversation with John Maxfield aka Cable Pair of BoardScan.  I won't go
into details about the conversations right now, but the scary part is that the
tape ends before the phone call does.  In other words we don't know exactly
how much information was passed, but we do know that it has been an ongoing
thing, perhaps for months. An actual overview and possible transcript of these
conversations will appear in PWN XV.

I was in shock.  I couldn't believe what I was hearing!  It especially hurt
when information was passed about people that I actually knew and had met.  If
only I had played that tape the night before, this would be a different story
entirely.  I didn't know exactly what to do.  I had stopped calling out, but I
was willing to pay for a few calls to spread the news.  The only problem was
that the majority of the people I wanted to contact were still en route home
or unreachable.  I finally was able to reach Tuc who was still in St. Louis.
He dropped by and I played him the tape.  Since then, Taran King and Forest
Ranger have also heard most of the tape and preliminary investigations have
begun.

We have discovered some information linking Dan The Operator to the FBI, but
more on that next issue.
______________________________________________________________________________

PWN SummerCon '87 Quicknotes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
SummerCon Promotional Posters were created by Lucifer 666.  They featured many
trademarks of well known telecommunications companies as well as different
plans and schematics for boxes and other equipment.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Southern Baptists were in town during the week for some National
convention of their own.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Johnny Rotten was supposed to appear at SummerCon '87 and called to confirm
his plans on Friday Evening, June 19, 1987.  He never appeared.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The full guest list of SummerCon '87 includes;

  Bill From RNOC / Bit Master / Cheap Shades / Control C / Dan The Operator
   Data Line / Doom Prophet / Forest Ranger / Knight Lightning / Lex Luthor
    LOKI / Lucifer 666 / Ninja NYC / Phantom Phreaker / Sir Francis Drake
      Synthetic Slug / Taran King / The Disk Jockey / The Leftist / Tuc

In closing, SummerCon '87 was a fantastic success and anyone who missed it,
missed out!  See you next year at SummerCon '88.  Plans are already being
made!

:Knight Lightning
______________________________________________________________________________

