                        Introduction
                             By
                         Horny Toad
                              
                              
                              
The single biggest threat to man's continued dominance of
the planet is the virus.

                      Joshua Lederberg, PhD
                      Nobel Laureate

                              

     Welcome to the second edition of the Codebreakers virus
magazine/tutorial.  For those who did not have the pleasure
of reading our first edition, I will give you a brief
description of who we are and why we are writing this
magazine.  You guessed it, we are the Codebreakers.  The
Codebreakers is a group of virus writers and hackers whose
ultimate goal is to further the study of virii and help
stimulate activity in the virus community.
     The philosophy that we take in putting together the
articles is they need to be understood by all.  The reason
that our group formed was to educate the masses.  Therefore,
it is pointless to flood the beginning issues with complex
concepts, which is the basis of most magazines, impress
people by overwhelming them with information.  Quite the
opposite, we are going to provide a solid foundation for
anyone wanting to start out in virus writing and hacking.
As the issues progress, so will the complexity of the
articles and subject matter.
     Well, now on to this edition.  I think that you are
going to be very satisfied with what we put together in this
issue.  Take a glance at the table of contents.  We have
articles on macro virii, encryption, macintosh virii, basic
virus writing tutorials, commentaries, news, interviews...
Basically, a kick-ass issue.



                      Table of Contents

01...............................Introduction
02...............................Your second lesson
03...............................Second lesson quiz
04...............................Challenge #2
05...............................Encryption
06...............................On the lighter side.
07...............................Interview with Cicatrix!
08...............................Macintosh Virus Tutorial
09...............................Macro Virus Tutorial
10...............................Useful Hacking Links
11...............................In the News
12...............................Greetings & Gripes
13...............................Final Notes




As with the first edition, there is a directory called
Cdbkutl that includes a working assembler and linking
program. Take care to read the lesson before you fool around
with the virus that is included in the Toad directory.  I
will explain how it works and how to use it.
